the pool
Rugit le tonnerre
the firmament


No dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.

wasting time without killing it

dancing on the tips
hear music as coincidental

intelligence is contagious, and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers 
look at things
the ocean
Chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is a key term, for it implies risk and fear (thus reestablishing that fine nervousness so pleasant when something is about to occur)
point – when the film is around 40 minutes in length – when it’s no longer a compelling short, but not yet a round, familiar hour. The whole story seems awkward and unwieldy, like me at age 16 – gangly and unsteady. I was figuratively 40 minutes into graduate school and feeling listless, my work no longer spontaneous but not yet coherent, when I read Jonathan Lethem’s The Ecstasy of Influence (a Plagiarism). Much as he describes his encounter with the work of William Burroughs (which itself was snatched from someone else’s experience), I was floored by the effortlessness and continuity of Lethem’s patchwork writing. Suddenly I could see written text as a material, one to be cut up, manipulated, and formed like any other physical material. These two lines – “Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced” and “Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched” are both lifted from that essay.
the mark of consciousness
the kind of old
the passions
mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty 
popcorn and mold

we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way
i think is no parenthesis
(westerkamp)
robot with allergies
scratching
(mine)
Yeah. Can I ask you another question?
critical opalescence
–and you watched that tape recently, and you thought you were so much like him, you couldn't believe it?
waltz through
41	1997	sarah grow tape (infant teacher)	00:14:33:04	00:21:21:16

hippocrites, the hypocritical hippopotamus
Repetition is a beautiful vehicle. M. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth are lost with the missing half-second, drowning every time they jump in the pool in search of lost time. Like a perhaps hand, an apprehension of something doing crackles through trees and sits, adrift, in the sky; an apprehension folded in a silly way and on whose pages are for ever written a list of words to never use again.
to want where you don't look
the broadest sense
(that’s the end of the new stuff so far)PHRASES STARTING WITH "THE," INCLUDING ANY MODIFIERS:
feel like a glitch

i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres
we mirror everything by nature. we exist in, by, and through mimicry. the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic
Moon which is seen
He doesn't miss anything.
the object
don't you look where you want
Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen, fühle,



the sun

hate dangling things

evolve without the viewer
the ground
(rebecca solnitz)
the present is lost with the missing half-second, passing too quickly to be perceived, too quickly, actually, to have happened. 
hear the meteors

new world order of blankness
the present
look like something transpired
Can I interview you a little bit?
field of worms
the space it materially occupies
mumble mumble

the environment
	Take your hands away from his face, Marion.
Cambridge if sometimes in its box of
the world
The attitude of this sentence, dripping with macho snide, was what first struck me, followed by a sense of duty to honor those, like most of us, who contend daily with our place in the “featureless sea of noise.”
34	1997	sam grow tape (computers)	00:04:57:01	00:06:03:12
roaring tonight


forgetting is essential to action of any kind (nietszche)

		Oh, that's – I'll start talking then. How've you been, baby? Sammy, how are you? Hello, Sammy!
what about things that you can do? Things that, you know, you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do?
that vast ennui, that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence
there's a ghost under my table
Um, at this point in your life, what do you think you might like to be when you grow up?


frictional encounter

likes flowers

everything turns into sky in the distance.
swallowed like eighty liters
	(giggle)
the fire
fall into the cloud
mirror everything by nature
ambitious art is going about
want to look where you don't
and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too


the missing half-second
“For every Harry Potter and Blair Witch Project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture”
We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves
animate the dawn
glass is structureless, structure only revealed through fracturing
chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is key, for it implies risk and fear
the range of outside factors
eye contact, is it
the telephone
the process of remaindering potentials
cosmonaupolis

(massumi)
(mom)
for life's not a paragraph
climate change > climate carnage

(kentridge)
where don't you want to look
the madness
the void corridor
the dramatic "um…"
“How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?” I read Walden for the first time while on a two-month road trip tracing the clockwise outline of America. I was sitting by our first campfire, beer in one hand, an ancient copy of Walden in the other, grateful and amazed. Grateful to have a car, a loving travel companion, supportive family, and the time to go on such an adventure; amazed at how easy it was to quit my high-paying but stressful and unreliable design jobs and fit my life into a little black hatchback.
the gaze

the immediate past
the mathematics of an octave
i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of
cognition is beautiful

the shit
PHRASES CENTERED AROUND "IS":

	Things I have only dimly perceived draw near, a harmonic seduction moving under a membrane like muscles under skin. Love is a delicious pairing of delightful opposites; a rattling fragment of angry candy; great hands of wind that stretch out fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it? Like a drama unfolding under the floorboards or dim light through a sheet of wood, love should look like something transpired.
pays any attention

something doing, is an experience

stab at the fabric
the procedure
	He's absorbed by something
make stupid and pointless art

for change is a mistake
affect is the capacity to affect or be affected
affect is a lived
animate the dawn
affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience

nothing obvious is sought and
stupidity is too – stupid
defy m. Vaucanson
there is no particular
fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation
drama under the floorboards
onomatopoetic happiness
i was younger than i am
justify it
A system is not imagined
(zizek)
	Sam! Look, he wants to know where the voice is coming, I told you! He is very clever. Oh my.
you don't look where you want
wholly kiss you
emoticonned
forgetting is essential
you know what's cool?
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced. 
Yes
	Because they're boring… (giggle)
So, Sam, here you are at dinner, on one of your many travels. Are you enjoying your dessert, Sam? Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping? Looks like it.
hate dampish things


(wendall harrington)
moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy


The air itself is one vast library, on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered. 
process
doing, is
more plugs than poetry


writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same, except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool.

the hum of central ventilation
no - you have to actually come here -
is simple, it
i will not make stupid and pointless art
harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself (Hecker)

the wind
the warp and woof of every moment
(cocteau)
the dramatic "um…"
l’amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d’électricité. 
there is a lady

waltz through the void corridor
morse code streetlights
recording we have destroyed
kill time without injuring eternity 
	Yeah.
anything that inhibits the potential for change (in live theater) is a mistake
the viewer's empathy

when they fail
Um. I dunno, like, I'm a little bit better at computer, but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven.
the cloud

this is the procedure



		Does that register voices too?
presents itself as familiar


feel your closed
affect is the capacity
affect is what's left
bacon in versace
roared the dog
Grace:
	Flat as the curvature of the earth, I skip, glowing, acres above boiling molten cotton, and waltz through the void corridor. I hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses, cascading overhead, bringing the nothing forward.
everyone is suspicious
Why is thunder like
of affect is the process
destroyed the need to remember

awaken our sensibilities
expresses the passions
waive just so much care
repetition is a beautiful vehicle (attias)
Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment. There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands. By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched.
fuck manipulation
Formidablement.
art is the royal
you're not going to change your ideas. that's the worst thing you can do. so there.

look where you don't want to
Sam, are you having fun?
bringing the nothing
don't you look where you want
input / output
she is sitting beside young death, is slender;

…
shuddered at the thought
pairing of delightful opposites
experiment
imagined, it is real

(valery but actually bacon)
since feeling is first
the dog
(death cab)
its environment is no longer
god knows what the mathematics of an octave are
(phantom tollbooth // norton juster)
(michael connor)
remember well his ignorance
this is the procedure
life in the immediate past
solemnity over our thoughts.
when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it’s not a surprise that some of today’s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange.
enable cookies
becomes a witness

disempower the question "what have you got to say"
	What does innnerview mean?
see no other way
except further below
permet de donner l’apparence

(7)
	Uh huh… (giggle)
when something is about
neutrality breeds suspicion
the trees
out of Nowhere)
stab at the fabric of possibility (terranova)
		Hah, that's right. Ask *him!*
going about trying to make

hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses
things we have only dimly perceived draw near
	–(singing) haaaapppy dayyyyyys

white noise
(baudelaire)
there is no thread
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.


may ring
feel them



throw your tools in the fire
(naomi)
:::::::::::: TRANSCRIPTS ::::::::::::
hear sound as music
love is two at its purest
fall in love with


the floorboards
want to look where you don't
the unactualized
want to look

I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things. I hate wandering and mixing things together.

pleasure of our own self-deception
—


not to be me, not to be like me, but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
the surface of our comfortable existence

rain crackles through trees
poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth
stuff that i've written in my notebooks:
erre, rugit le tonnerre
ambiguous metadata
defy slickness

the decision to do it
affect is a lived abstraction

Où l'ouragan erre,
(meredith hall)
===

How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?
ring like dimes
the hemispheres
the need to remember
hong kong mush love snack
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough?
the 99%
Oh ho! …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape–
(gates)
the dawn
movement under membranes, like muscles under skin
non-conscious stirrings


mountains, cities, trees, all of it -
if you sit here, and look down the coast
lying so close to the surface
(9)
see to know


veridical rabbit
03	00:18:59:21	00:19:25:15
machines only become machines when they fail
has broken ground
autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience
the thought
where you don't want to look
where don't you want to look
I can stretch out my fingers and feel air itself; I am sensation without the boredom of its conveyance. Non-conscious stirrings rustle at the edges of my periphony, where the hurricane wanders — thunder like scratching. I have to feel to know. 
artists' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists' studio does, everyone is suspicious.
reestablishing that fine nervousness
whose name is Afterwards

merges with the environment
So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream.
(28)
being lost is the world
unwilling suspension of disbelief
running away or running to
the moon
(woolf)
(robert wilson)
the hypocritical hippopotamus
entasis syndrome

Sam, how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday? It's a big event!
what is calming
the internal struggles and codes of another
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole.
she is sitting beside
i will not make stupid and pointless art

just committing
the potential for change
draw near
the rights any thing should have
mumble mumble
ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
develop an interest
calling to know

income / outcome
embodied
(lethem 2)
talk about it
not to be me, not to be like me, but to 
look don't you want to

the meteors ring
	Radcliffe Child Care Center.
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way.
The occasion, which brings us together, has much 

the eye is nothing like
present is lost



physically reacts

great hands of wind
(sara brown)
===
We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere.
thread that is not a twist
hiding real uncertainty

I compulsively look up words I don’t know. “Penumbra” was one of them – I forget now where it was written – and this first line is swiped from a NASA glossary of solar-eclipse-related terms: “From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette.” Its rhythmic four-part structure resonated, and the rest of the page fell away. There’s always a certain poetry in descriptions of celestial mechanics, and this one line holds so much of the baffling scale and humility of our fixed perspective concomitant with an outward gaze.
playing with ____

(12)

in 1965, forty minutes was a long time
we all quote
the thunder
deconciliation
love with is the wind
skip, glowing, hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and
the interactions of neighbors



Doesn't feel like it, anyway
odds, it is you

the syntax of things

not just a metaphor
appears larger than

express the passions

use his knowledge
featureless sea of noise
	(giggle)
repetition is a beautiful

certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats, scientists greater than Newton, but in the teeth of those stupefying odds, it is you, and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
drowning every time
(e.e. cummings)
becoming larger
folded in a silly way



when does one hear music as coincidental sound, and when does one hear sound as music?
in search of lost time (proust)

Six Degrees, by Duncan Watts, is a pop science book written to make network theory somewhat more accessible to a lay reader. Much of the text is driven by a nauseatingly optimistic disregard for the dystopic potential of these new methods for mapping crowds and finding individuals. 
the boredom of its conveyance
There’s a point in every project I’ve ever done – about two-thirds of the way in – when suddenly I feel totally lost, I hate the whole project, I doubt my abilities as an artist and functional human, and I want to burn the whole thing and apply to law school. My father calls it the “40 Minute Problem.” In filmmaking, there’s a 
that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy. These are understandable biases for us humans. We are mortal and fragile in specific ways, and we worry about them. (bogost 73)
white flag
enable cookies
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it?
will never wholly kiss you
calming about the ocean
listening is about the decision to do it, rather than talk about it
(sehgal)
un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel
￼ http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/SEhelp/SEglossary.html￼ watts 207￼ walden￼ http://harpers.org/archive/2007/02/the-ecstasy-of-influence/?single=1￼ lasseter 1 the occasion, which
I dunno
characterize the internal
the tips of the flowers and the leaves

care, above
the city's roaring

site/context-specific
the familiar strange.
experience
imagine a speculative
formed into a whole
revealed through fracturing
hate wandering and mixing things
(kaprow)

That means I ask you questions and you answer them, like… um, "okay, Sarah, what are your favorite colors?"
internet ouroboros
like the anchor of a shipwreck
kill time without
twenty four hours later
the machinists on earth
make stupid and pointless art

the dew
life itself is an existence
a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human
has lately shown that memory
bodies think as they feel
want where you don't look to
being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it

what is calming about the ocean?

bestow upon yourself
Why?

this page intentionally left blank
at the end of daybreak, this inert town with its beyond of lepers, of consumption, of famines, of fears crouched in the ravines, fears perched in the trees, fears dug in the ground, fears adrift in the sky, of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish
that which is breathtakingly beautiful
where don't you look

the edges of peripheral vision
remaindering potentials
the hurricane
make stupid and pointless art
the world becoming larger
den Raum vermehrt
honestly bestow elsewhere

brings us together
(verlaine)
anything can happen once (make the once)
mode of ____
there is a lady, whose name is Afterwards
bringing the nothing forward
the feel of the eye


naked skeleton maple, for all the world
look don't you want to
exist in, by, and through
fühle, wie dien Atem

almost blinding so early in the morning,

the passions of the soul
affecting it
"KILLING TIME!" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off. "It's bad enough wasting time without killing it." And he shuddered at the thought.

the only thing

He's so alert. Yes!
make themselves known
i will not make stupid and pointless art
slept really well

(wiener)
perpetuate themselves
jump in the pool
change your ideas
anything that is simple, it
And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture (watts 207)
Yeah.
want where you don't look to
manipulation – everything is manipulation
Oh, is that how silly you want to be?
hangs outside
as they cascade far above
sound causes the object to make themselves known
the city's roaring tonight
stretch out my fingers
i don't want to be the 99%
the worst thing

relationship that is better understood
in recording we have destroyed the need to remember (halpern 76)
the nothing forward
the hardest thing in the world
look where you don't want to
the key feature

skip, glowing
Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful, for at any moment the telephone may ring
NON-“IS” VERB PHRASES
regarded as an object
to the syntax of things
the world
===


serves to disconnect
reach beyond the space
the fabric of possibility
the memory of an act never experienced
And which school do you think you'd like to work at?
a "sculpture" that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object. The range of outside factors affecting it, as well as its own radius of action, reach beyond the space it materially occupies. It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a "system" of interdependent processes. These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy. He becomes a witness. A system is not imagined, it is real. (Haacke) 
(thoreau)
feelings so deep that you can’t feel them.
space of ____
crackles through trees


where you don't want to look
reading freud
knows what the mathematics


(cage)
the Lethe
is stitched, quilted
and it gets darker every day
where don't you look
a delicious pairing of delightful opposites
	Uh huh!
This is, um, Sam's grow tape, aaaand, you're now eight, Sam, so, I don't know, could you tell us something about being eight? How does it feel to be eight?

the room

From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette. (nasa)
und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind, leben sie noch heute
throw your tools in the fire

plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
entre dans la foule
the question
calculated to awaken
white rot

quote unquote
An infant teacher? And which school do you think you'd like to work at–
i know, but i'm folded in a silly way
I'm just going to do a quick…
(Lucier)
the ravines
Beware of that which
willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at
than just committing
sitting beside young death
the same
likes flowers
Spring is like
03	1989	mom: "are you enjoying…"	00:20:38:27	00:22:21:29
dim light through a sheet of wood
(valery)
Uh, not different at all
the city's roaring tonight
forgetting to make the familiar strange, or forgetting to familiar the strange: essential. Risk and fear, everything is manipulation. Running away or running to, laughing at you and forgetting. Running and laughing and forgetting, they're essential to action of any kind.cryptomnesia
young death, is slender
	But not black and brown.
finding honor and credit through being
(cosman)
		No, he's halfway out
feel good about life and the universe
sensation without the boredom of its conveyance 
the end of daybreak
sky lavender and cornerless, the
leben sie noch heute

you say "that's beautiful, you should write it down"
sing like that
Et qu'au firmament,
than spontaneity, is a key

(vitiello)
Spring is like a perhaps hand
Not different at all?
the antumbra
tracing and reconstructing evidence

imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that. (Hecker)
passing too quickly
I like performance being something I'm kind of scared of – at any moment the telephone may ring, like rain crackling through trees. In the teeth of those stupefying odds, forgetting can happen to anyone – it's simple, and like anything that is simple, it is the hardest thing in the world to do. Like the simple performance of being something, it is the crackling hardest, and stupefying. Forgetting is a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human, a twist in the warp and woof of every moment.
	He's full of sleep.
the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind
it should look like something transpired
more efficient for large movies

===
resink reality

(cesaire)
the universe
worry about them
rattles like a fragment
In my last year at NYU, I signed up for a class in animation, perhaps willfully ignoring what I knew would be endless hours of keyframing, tweaking, and trying to avoid carpal tunnel. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the class, though, was reading an essay by Pixar founder and emotive wizard John Lasseter, in which he wrote of the similarities between traditional hand-drawn animation in the Disney studios and the computer generated work he was just starting to explore. This line is from a quote within that essay, by Bill Tytla, one of the original Disney animators: “There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do.”

be present and grapple
i'll tell you anyway, even though i can tell you're humoring me:

And death i think is no parenthesis

ich will nicht begehrt werden, ohne geliebt zu sein
It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant.
the teeth of those stupefying odds
the Cambridge ladies
hope you slept
the anchor of a shipwreck
press out into
true balance needs weight on both sides
a change in focus, a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it 
the garden

nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won

cascade far
the sky

watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray, scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes. out of nowhere, i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected, everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind, the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves, the impact of my footsteps, the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand, the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger, older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing.
All the colors?
(story, mt auburn dedication)
listening is about
so i keep digging
never use again
There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do. (Bill Tytla at the Walt Disney Studio, June 28, 1937. (lasseter 1)
	All the colors.
Taken in the broadest sense, any apprehension of something doing, is an experience of activity 

if you sit on this side of the balcony, here,
cognition is beautiful. it's beautiful to know.

reading freud
You're trying new territory. Are you trying new territory? Are you trying new territory, Sammy? Hey, Sammy! Hello, Sam. Hey there, Sam, Hello there. Sam. Hello sam. Hello Sam-u-el. What's doin, Sam? What's doin on the Rialto?
but i see no other way

comes carefully out of Nowhere
resink reality
he came to resemble himself, the worst thing that can happen to anyone.
you don't look where you want

It is an experience
the extra layer of dust
At the end of daybreak, I was younger than I am; I was, for all the world, lost in the vast library of air itself. For all, I was the world, being lost, becoming younger. Being lost is the world becoming dimly perceived, becoming larger than your knowledge of it.
white eye
utter dependence upon a thing unseen
stuff from other people in my notebooks, quotes, and readings:
How is it different from being seven?
	An infant teacher.
when did you develop an interest in artistic expression?
(cunningham)

From within the

periphony
consciousness itself is stitched, quilted
(john hull, notes on blindness)
(katrin sohldju)
. . . . the Cambridge ladies do not care, above
	No
Okay. Um, can I interview–
the royal road

	–what?
but because of all the haze,
the memory of an act never experienced
Can we even imagine a speculative ethics? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another, simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors? (bogost 78)

i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions, because to express the passions of the soul, one must have a soul
keep digging

to want where you don't look

that hangs outside your window
and i'm pretty sure you're already gone.

since feeling is first

intelligence is contagious
Why is thunder like scratching?
nothing is won
the choice of what to mimic

the one in love with universal life
(rilke)
rustle at the edges
cast a solemnity
white dust
whirr to the hum
inhaling the memory

the ball of your eye
everything that's close stays just as it is.
photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ([ ] [ ] [ ])
include poets greater than Keats

depends on a human mouth
(which comes carefully
the grass
make the warp and woof
came to resemble himself


glass is structureless

(carina linge)

air itself is one vast
remember well his ignorance
(john hull, sound: an enrichment or state)
the capacity to affect or be affected
simple, it is about the

gathers on the grass
truth fairy
disempower the question
real old – not vintage. the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it

noise that is modern popular

electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation
the once happen
must have a soul

who pays any attention
the difference between light and darkness


Is that the school that you go to?
(tolaas)
Is that sort of what's going on?
wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt


	Yeah.
mediation
(william james)
you were younger than i was
(dawkins)
love is two
list of words to never use again:
in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities, and cast a 

image reverb
the curvature of the earth
art is the royal road to the unactualized
fall into the cloud
(babbage)

make an artificial face
(critic of vaucanson)
inhibits the potential for change
i've got nowhere to go
(eliasson)
truth should feel like a glitch 	
i have to see to know
