
hate dangling things
fuck manipulation
–and you watched that tape recently, and you thought you were so much like him, you couldn't believe it?
i know, but i'm folded in a silly way
affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience
young death, is slender
almost blinding so early in the morning,
cognition is beautiful. it's beautiful to know.
life in the immediate past
remember well his ignorance
ambiguous metadata
the rights any thing should have
artists' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists' studio does, everyone is suspicious.

where don't you want to look
be present and grapple
solemnity over our thoughts.
there is no thread
	(giggle)
Cambridge if sometimes in its box of


the tips of the flowers and the leaves

(phantom tollbooth // norton juster)
Why is thunder like
everything turns into sky in the distance.
(cosman)
feel good about life and the universe
the royal road
climate change > climate carnage
Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment. There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands. By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched.
enable cookies
i will not make stupid and pointless art
i'll tell you anyway, even though i can tell you're humoring me:
glass is structureless, structure only revealed through fracturing

field of worms
(katrin sohldju)
No dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.
entasis syndrome
reading freud
rustle at the edges
he came to resemble himself, the worst thing that can happen to anyone.
you say "that's beautiful, you should write it down"
that hangs outside your window

waltz through the void corridor
skip, glowing, hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and
(massumi)
the telephone
Spring is like

will never wholly kiss you
Rugit le tonnerre
		Does that register voices too?
care, above
the anchor of a shipwreck
featureless sea of noise
Oh, is that how silly you want to be?



i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions, because to express the passions of the soul, one must have a soul


the thunder
cosmonaupolis
when does one hear music as coincidental sound, and when does one hear sound as music?
(woolf)
hear the meteors
knows what the mathematics

(wendall harrington)
the universe
	But not black and brown.
physically reacts
the eye is nothing like

in 1965, forty minutes was a long time
formed into a whole
the grass
Yes
	Because they're boring… (giggle)
quote unquote
consciousness itself is stitched, quilted
drama under the floorboards
NON-“IS” VERB PHRASES
never use again
resink reality
great hands of wind

remaindering potentials
the surface of our comfortable existence
(robert wilson)
the wind
repetition is a beautiful vehicle (attias)
The attitude of this sentence, dripping with macho snide, was what first struck me, followed by a sense of duty to honor those, like most of us, who contend daily with our place in the “featureless sea of noise.”
41	1997	sarah grow tape (infant teacher)	00:14:33:04	00:21:21:16
may ring
revealed through fracturing
the need to remember
(westerkamp)

fühle, wie dien Atem
the warp and woof of every moment
imagined, it is real
we mirror everything by nature. we exist in, by, and through mimicry. the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic
fall in love with
recording we have destroyed
real old – not vintage. the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it
art is the royal road to the unactualized

moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy
you know what's cool?

reading freud
not just a metaphor
the garden
worry about them
in search of lost time (proust)
rattles like a fragment
—
develop an interest
mumble mumble
look at things
enable cookies
life itself is an existence
hippocrites, the hypocritical hippopotamus
the boredom of its conveyance
look don't you want to
(verlaine)
want where you don't look to
whose name is Afterwards


pleasure of our own self-deception
Sam, are you having fun?

(zizek)
honestly bestow elsewhere
Beware of that which
when they fail
the dog
regarded as an object

the internal struggles and codes of another
nothing is won
(babbage)
crackles through trees
(mine)
bodies think as they feel
(death cab)
(naomi)
erre, rugit le tonnerre

i've got nowhere to go
Uh, not different at all
Can I interview you a little bit?
certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats, scientists greater than Newton, but in the teeth of those stupefying odds, it is you, and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
inhaling the memory
glass is structureless
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced. 
input / output
where don't you look
the city's roaring tonight
and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too
who pays any attention
nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won
We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere.
depends on a human mouth

the environment
Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen, fühle,
the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind
Où l'ouragan erre,
the extra layer of dust

And death i think is no parenthesis
sitting beside young death

sing like that
hear sound as music
the city's roaring tonight
And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture (watts 207)
truth fairy
more plugs than poetry
You're trying new territory. Are you trying new territory? Are you trying new territory, Sammy? Hey, Sammy! Hello, Sam. Hey there, Sam, Hello there. Sam. Hello sam. Hello Sam-u-el. What's doin, Sam? What's doin on the Rialto?

i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
Spring is like a perhaps hand
wasting time without killing it
(william james)
hear music as coincidental
(kentridge)
animate the dawn
the potential for change
drowning every time
It is an experience
look where you don't want to
chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is key, for it implies risk and fear

	An infant teacher.
waive just so much care
the world

He doesn't miss anything.
03	00:18:59:21	00:19:25:15
the passions of the soul
the fire
don't you look where you want
bringing the nothing forward
How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?
Why is thunder like scratching?
there is a lady
white eye
(valery)
. . . . the Cambridge ladies do not care, above
forgetting to make the familiar strange, or forgetting to familiar the strange: essential. Risk and fear, everything is manipulation. Running away or running to, laughing at you and forgetting. Running and laughing and forgetting, they're essential to action of any kind.cryptomnesia
the range of outside factors
she is sitting beside

emoticonned

critical opalescence
true balance needs weight on both sides
dim light through a sheet of wood

gathers on the grass
the only thing
Why?
make the warp and woof
(kaprow)
(dawkins)

hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses
for change is a mistake

stuff that i've written in my notebooks:
mirror everything by nature
watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray, scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes. out of nowhere, i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected, everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind, the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves, the impact of my footsteps, the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand, the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger, older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing.
listening is about the decision to do it, rather than talk about it

How is it different from being seven?
And which school do you think you'd like to work at?
the question

if you sit on this side of the balcony, here,
passing too quickly
out of Nowhere)
expresses the passions

the ocean
what is calming
the one in love with universal life
the syntax of things

present is lost
than spontaneity, is a key
the Lethe
the dramatic "um…"
I like performance being something I'm kind of scared of – at any moment the telephone may ring, like rain crackling through trees. In the teeth of those stupefying odds, forgetting can happen to anyone – it's simple, and like anything that is simple, it is the hardest thing in the world to do. Like the simple performance of being something, it is the crackling hardest, and stupefying. Forgetting is a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human, a twist in the warp and woof of every moment.

the object
site/context-specific
point – when the film is around 40 minutes in length – when it’s no longer a compelling short, but not yet a round, familiar hour. The whole story seems awkward and unwieldy, like me at age 16 – gangly and unsteady. I was figuratively 40 minutes into graduate school and feeling listless, my work no longer spontaneous but not yet coherent, when I read Jonathan Lethem’s The Ecstasy of Influence (a Plagiarism). Much as he describes his encounter with the work of William Burroughs (which itself was snatched from someone else’s experience), I was floored by the effortlessness and continuity of Lethem’s patchwork writing. Suddenly I could see written text as a material, one to be cut up, manipulated, and formed like any other physical material. These two lines – “Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced” and “Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched” are both lifted from that essay.
(which comes carefully
robot with allergies
throw your tools in the fire
that vast ennui, that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence

embodied
hangs outside
the sun


the passions
and i'm pretty sure you're already gone.
The air itself is one vast library, on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered. 

press out into
(12)

presents itself as familiar
swallowed like eighty liters
see to know
image reverb
(meredith hall)
the difference between light and darkness
being lost is the world
reach beyond the space

shuddered at the thought
(john hull, sound: an enrichment or state)

mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty 
the meteors ring
you don't look where you want

disempower the question "what have you got to say"

photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ([ ] [ ] [ ])
There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do. (Bill Tytla at the Walt Disney Studio, June 28, 1937. (lasseter 1)
permet de donner l’apparence
Repetition is a beautiful vehicle. M. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth are lost with the missing half-second, drowning every time they jump in the pool in search of lost time. Like a perhaps hand, an apprehension of something doing crackles through trees and sits, adrift, in the sky; an apprehension folded in a silly way and on whose pages are for ever written a list of words to never use again.
He's so alert. Yes!
(that’s the end of the new stuff so far)PHRASES STARTING WITH "THE," INCLUDING ANY MODIFIERS:
Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful, for at any moment the telephone may ring

(michael connor)
the madness
und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind, leben sie noch heute
the cloud
autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience

(eliasson)
===
list of words to never use again:

look where you don't want to

	(giggle)
white rot
being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it
sensation without the boredom of its conveyance 
(story, mt auburn dedication)
I compulsively look up words I don’t know. “Penumbra” was one of them – I forget now where it was written – and this first line is swiped from a NASA glossary of solar-eclipse-related terms: “From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette.” Its rhythmic four-part structure resonated, and the rest of the page fell away. There’s always a certain poetry in descriptions of celestial mechanics, and this one line holds so much of the baffling scale and humility of our fixed perspective concomitant with an outward gaze.
movement under membranes, like muscles under skin
the memory of an act never experienced
(cage)
is simple, it
there is no particular
popcorn and mold

I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things. I hate wandering and mixing things together.
more efficient for large movies

scratching
white dust
From within the
affect is the capacity to affect or be affected
	–(singing) haaaapppy dayyyyyys

wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt
deconciliation

(28)
love is two

a "sculpture" that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object. The range of outside factors affecting it, as well as its own radius of action, reach beyond the space it materially occupies. It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a "system" of interdependent processes. These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy. He becomes a witness. A system is not imagined, it is real. (Haacke) 
un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel
i was younger than i am
reestablishing that fine nervousness

include poets greater than Keats
A system is not imagined
for life's not a paragraph
the fabric of possibility
the firmament


where you don't want to look
mumble mumble
the world becoming larger


cascade far
evolve without the viewer
that which is breathtakingly beautiful

the ravines

resink reality
the world
the dramatic "um…"

don't you look where you want

new world order of blankness
	Things I have only dimly perceived draw near, a harmonic seduction moving under a membrane like muscles under skin. Love is a delicious pairing of delightful opposites; a rattling fragment of angry candy; great hands of wind that stretch out fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it? Like a drama unfolding under the floorboards or dim light through a sheet of wood, love should look like something transpired.
to want where you don't look
(lethem 2)
ring like dimes

34	1997	sam grow tape (computers)	00:04:57:01	00:06:03:12
mediation
===


awaken our sensibilities

(baudelaire)
when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it’s not a surprise that some of today’s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange.
calling to know
the process of remaindering potentials
We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves
when something is about
the broadest sense
everyone is suspicious

running away or running to
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way

the procedure
stretch out my fingers
The occasion, which brings us together, has much 
	What does innnerview mean?
I dunno

hong kong mush love snack

the room
make stupid and pointless art
white noise

	He's full of sleep.
veridical rabbit
where don't you look
truth should feel like a glitch 	
roared the dog
the present
(vitiello)
slept really well

internet ouroboros
An infant teacher? And which school do you think you'd like to work at–

the city's roaring
feel like a glitch

the decision to do it
so i keep digging
waltz through
noise that is modern popular




this is the procedure

den Raum vermehrt
i think is no parenthesis
i have to see to know
(tolaas)

bringing the nothing

experiment
Chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is a key term, for it implies risk and fear (thus reestablishing that fine nervousness so pleasant when something is about to occur)
hope you slept

what about things that you can do? Things that, you know, you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do?

god knows what the mathematics of an octave are
Moon which is seen
	All the colors.
		Oh, that's – I'll start talking then. How've you been, baby? Sammy, how are you? Hello, Sammy!

relationship that is better understood
	He's absorbed by something

I can stretch out my fingers and feel air itself; I am sensation without the boredom of its conveyance. Non-conscious stirrings rustle at the edges of my periphony, where the hurricane wanders — thunder like scratching. I have to feel to know. 
(7)
PHRASES CENTERED AROUND "IS":
	–what?

the immediate past
a change in focus, a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it 

the mathematics of an octave
not to be me, not to be like me, but to 
draw near
something doing, is an experience
utter dependence upon a thing unseen

see no other way
Okay. Um, can I interview–
cast a solemnity

the viewer's empathy
the mark of consciousness
ambitious art is going about
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.

the edges of peripheral vision
(cocteau)

stab at the fabric
wholly kiss you

(mom)
the hemispheres
the hypocritical hippopotamus
	No
i will not make stupid and pointless art
throw your tools in the fire
the choice of what to mimic
the familiar strange.


fall into the cloud
Doesn't feel like it, anyway
the once happen

feel your closed
stab at the fabric of possibility (terranova)
(9)
Sam, how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday? It's a big event!
affect is a lived
the unactualized

In my last year at NYU, I signed up for a class in animation, perhaps willfully ignoring what I knew would be endless hours of keyframing, tweaking, and trying to avoid carpal tunnel. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the class, though, was reading an essay by Pixar founder and emotive wizard John Lasseter, in which he wrote of the similarities between traditional hand-drawn animation in the Disney studios and the computer generated work he was just starting to explore. This line is from a quote within that essay, by Bill Tytla, one of the original Disney animators: “There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do.”
white flag
income / outcome
Oh ho! …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape–

(e.e. cummings)
make stupid and pointless art
naked skeleton maple, for all the world

ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
Um, at this point in your life, what do you think you might like to be when you grow up?
a delicious pairing of delightful opposites
(sara brown)
the missing half-second
tracing and reconstructing evidence
its environment is no longer
the sky
the feel of the eye
neutrality breeds suspicion
intelligence is contagious, and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers 
the shit
the moon
the memory of an act never experienced
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way.
you don't look where you want
everything that's close stays just as it is.
like the anchor of a shipwreck
rain crackles through trees
bestow upon yourself
becoming larger

03	1989	mom: "are you enjoying…"	00:20:38:27	00:22:21:29
brings us together

periphony
	Yeah.
process


make stupid and pointless art
There’s a point in every project I’ve ever done – about two-thirds of the way in – when suddenly I feel totally lost, I hate the whole project, I doubt my abilities as an artist and functional human, and I want to burn the whole thing and apply to law school. My father calls it the “40 Minute Problem.” In filmmaking, there’s a 
Um. I dunno, like, I'm a little bit better at computer, but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven.
make themselves known
Can we even imagine a speculative ethics? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another, simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors? (bogost 78)
has broken ground
has lately shown that memory

feelings so deep that you can’t feel them.
the antumbra
l’amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d’électricité. 
Is that the school that you go to?
hiding real uncertainty
eye contact, is it
except further below

roaring tonight
in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities, and cast a 
the dew
look like something transpired
electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation


affecting it
cognition is beautiful
merges with the environment
whirr to the hum
doing, is
hate wandering and mixing things
but because of all the haze,
the curvature of the earth
that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy. These are understandable biases for us humans. We are mortal and fragile in specific ways, and we worry about them. (bogost 73)
appears larger than
the void corridor
non-conscious stirrings
sound causes the object to make themselves known
change your ideas
This is, um, Sam's grow tape, aaaand, you're now eight, Sam, so, I don't know, could you tell us something about being eight? How does it feel to be eight?

want to look where you don't

art is the royal

pays any attention



(gates)
serves to disconnect

listening is about
All the colors?

experience
folded in a silly way

where you don't want to look
the trees

twenty four hours later
love with is the wind
I'm just going to do a quick…

manipulation – everything is manipulation
calculated to awaken
make an artificial face
you're not going to change your ideas. that's the worst thing you can do. so there.
feel them
comes carefully out of Nowhere

when did you develop an interest in artistic expression?

keep digging
the gaze
a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human

From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette. (nasa)

the space it materially occupies
odds, it is you


space of ____
as they cascade far above

the capacity to affect or be affected
	Uh huh… (giggle)

love is two at its purest
inhibits the potential for change
Six Degrees, by Duncan Watts, is a pop science book written to make network theory somewhat more accessible to a lay reader. Much of the text is driven by a nauseatingly optimistic disregard for the dystopic potential of these new methods for mapping crowds and finding individuals. 
the hardest thing in the world
(rilke)
(thoreau)
Not different at all?
		Hah, that's right. Ask *him!*
where don't you want to look
what is calming about the ocean?
there's a ghost under my table
stuff from other people in my notebooks, quotes, and readings:
	Take your hands away from his face, Marion.
	Flat as the curvature of the earth, I skip, glowing, acres above boiling molten cotton, and waltz through the void corridor. I hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses, cascading overhead, bringing the nothing forward.

the end of daybreak
	Uh huh!
calming about the ocean
writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same, except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool.
(cesaire)
the teeth of those stupefying odds
but i see no other way

simple, it is about the
fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation
"KILLING TIME!" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off. "It's bad enough wasting time without killing it." And he shuddered at the thought.
onomatopoetic happiness
Et qu'au firmament,
want where you don't look to


express the passions
the occasion, which
the kind of old
(sehgal)
stupidity is too – stupid
perpetuate themselves
frictional encounter

since feeling is first
the worst thing

you were younger than i was
becomes a witness
So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream.
(carina linge)
the nothing forward
“For every Harry Potter and Blair Witch Project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture”
the machinists on earth
going about trying to make
Yeah.

(cunningham)
machines only become machines when they fail
persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres
ich will nicht begehrt werden, ohne geliebt zu sein
air itself is one vast
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it?
imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that. (Hecker)
this page intentionally left blank
want to look
this is the procedure
i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of

hate dampish things

characterize the internal
i will not make stupid and pointless art



kill time without

…
That means I ask you questions and you answer them, like… um, "okay, Sarah, what are your favorite colors?"


it should look like something transpired
:::::::::::: TRANSCRIPTS ::::::::::::
sky lavender and cornerless, the
intelligence is contagious

the dawn
the same
the ball of your eye
willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at
defy m. Vaucanson
disempower the question
plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
in recording we have destroyed the need to remember (halpern 76)
the thought

Yeah. Can I ask you another question?
animate the dawn
affect is what's left
===
“How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?” I read Walden for the first time while on a two-month road trip tracing the clockwise outline of America. I was sitting by our first campfire, beer in one hand, an ancient copy of Walden in the other, grateful and amazed. Grateful to have a car, a loving travel companion, supportive family, and the time to go on such an adventure; amazed at how easy it was to quit my high-paying but stressful and unreliable design jobs and fit my life into a little black hatchback.
of affect is the process

mode of ____
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough?
just committing
unwilling suspension of disbelief
defy slickness

	Radcliffe Child Care Center.


lying so close to the surface
	Sam! Look, he wants to know where the voice is coming, I told you! He is very clever. Oh my.
skip, glowing
the Cambridge ladies
things we have only dimly perceived draw near
the 99%
finding honor and credit through being

anything can happen once (make the once)
want to look where you don't
(rebecca solnitz)
destroyed the need to remember
	Yeah.
(critic of vaucanson)
===
justify it


than just committing

leben sie noch heute
Grace:
there is a lady, whose name is Afterwards
poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth

It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant.

affect is the capacity
affect is a lived abstraction
(john hull, notes on blindness)
use his knowledge
dancing on the tips
thread that is not a twist
likes flowers

exist in, by, and through
we all quote
the ground
At the end of daybreak, I was younger than I am; I was, for all the world, lost in the vast library of air itself. For all, I was the world, being lost, becoming younger. Being lost is the world becoming dimly perceived, becoming larger than your knowledge of it.

repetition is a beautiful
Is that sort of what's going on?
(valery but actually bacon)
harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself (Hecker)
entre dans la foule
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole.
anything that is simple, it
kill time without injuring eternity 

to want where you don't look
So, Sam, here you are at dinner, on one of your many travels. Are you enjoying your dessert, Sam? Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping? Looks like it.

since feeling is first


remember well his ignorance

playing with ____
anything that inhibits the potential for change (in live theater) is a mistake
not to be me, not to be like me, but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
talk about it
(wiener)
i don't want to be the 99%
the hum of central ventilation
the pool
came to resemble himself
no - you have to actually come here -
mountains, cities, trees, all of it -
the key feature
the floorboards
jump in the pool
(Lucier)
Formidablement.
is stitched, quilted
morse code streetlights
to the syntax of things


		No, he's halfway out
imagine a speculative
at the end of daybreak, this inert town with its beyond of lepers, of consumption, of famines, of fears crouched in the ravines, fears perched in the trees, fears dug in the ground, fears adrift in the sky, of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish

the present is lost with the missing half-second, passing too quickly to be perceived, too quickly, actually, to have happened. 

Taken in the broadest sense, any apprehension of something doing, is an experience of activity 
the interactions of neighbors
fall into the cloud
nothing obvious is sought and
she is sitting beside young death, is slender;
likes flowers
pairing of delightful opposites
forgetting is essential

bacon in versace
the hurricane
forgetting is essential to action of any kind (nietszche)
and it gets darker every day
look don't you want to
if you sit here, and look down the coast
must have a soul