Looks like it . This is , um , Sam's grow tape , aaaand , you're now eight , Sam , so , I don't know , could you tell us something about being eight ? Why is thunder like scratching ? I'm just going to do a quick… Take your hands away from his face , Marion . " It's bad enough wasting time without killing it . These are understandable biases for us humans . The air itself is one vast library , on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered . when does one hear music as coincidental sound , and when does one hear sound as music ? more plugs than poetry We are not stuff that abides , but patterns that perpetuate themselves . Does that register voices too ? There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands . anything that inhibits the potential for change ( in live theater ) is a mistake Not different at all ? watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray , scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes . Uh , not different at all Sammy , how are you ? " KILLING TIME ! Et qu'au firmament , Où l'ouragan erre , Rugit le tonnerre Formidablement . input / output income / outcome bacon in versace veridical rabbit robot with allergies animate the dawn field of worms morse code streetlights periphony critical opalescence entasis syndrome cosmonaupolis truth fairy emoticonned onomatopoetic happiness deconciliation image reverb climate change > climate carnage popcorn and mold internet ouroboros enable cookies white eye white rot white noise white dust white flag ambiguous metadata resink reality quote unquote mumble mumble not just a metaphor life in the immediate past hong kong mush love snack drama under the floorboards dim light through a sheet of wood true balance needs weight on both sides i know , but i'm folded in a silly way hippocrites , the hypocritical hippopotamus a delicious pairing of delightful opposites machines only become machines when they fail truth should feel like a glitch movement under membranes , like muscles under skin photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ( ) electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation Yes ! that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have ; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us ; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy . in search of lost time So , Sam , here you are at dinner , on one of your many travels . a " sculpture " that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object . cryptomnesia you say " that's beautiful , you should write it down " and i'm pretty sure you're already gone . How've you been , baby ? Spring is like a perhaps hand ( which comes carefully out of Nowhere ) we mirror everything by nature . But not black and brown . list of words to never use again : space of _ _ _ _ mediation experiment experience embodied mode of _ _ _ _ process playing with _ _ _ _ site/context-specific ich will nicht begehrt werden , ohne geliebt zu sein What's doin , Sam ? und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind , leben sie noch heute frictional encounter there is a lady , whose name is Afterwards she is sitting beside young death , is slender ; likes flowers forgetting is essential to action of any kind Yeah . i have to see to know Hey , Sammy ! persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres there's a ghost under my table reading freud poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth No No , he's halfway out So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream . Can we even imagine a speculative ethics ? How is it different from being seven ? How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge ? Sam ! What does innnerview mean ? everything that's close stays just as it is . sound causes the object to make themselves known god knows what the mathematics of an octave are in 1965 , forty minutes was a long time you're not going to change your ideas . new world order of blankness neutrality breeds suspicion We are mortal and fragile in specific ways , and we worry about them . An infant teacher . he came to resemble himself , the worst thing that can happen to anyone . Yes Oh , that's – I'll start talking then . the dramatic " um… " mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty disempower the question " what have you got to say " unwilling suspension of disbelief pleasure of our own self-deception As if you could kill time without injuring eternity . this page intentionally left blank Sam . By necessity , by proclivity , and by delight , we all quote . I dunno Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping ? naked skeleton maple , for all the world Hello sam . Yeah . He's so alert . the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic Hey there , Sam , Hello there . you know what's cool ? if you sit on this side of the balcony , here , no - you have to actually come here - if you sit here , and look down the coast and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy . stab at the fabric of possibility ( giggle ) Is that sort of what's going on ? Um. I dunno , like , I'm a little bit better at computer , but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven . Um , at this point in your life , what do you think you might like to be when you grow up ? He's full of sleep . this is the procedure writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same , except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool . out of nowhere , i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected , everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind , the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves , the impact of my footsteps , the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand , the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger , older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing . " And he shuddered at the thought . but because of all the haze , almost blinding so early in the morning , mountains , cities , trees , all of it - everything turns into sky in the distance . Uh huh… ( giggle ) Yeah . things we have only dimly perceived draw near There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple , and like anything that is simple , it is about the hardest thing in the world to do . i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of since feeling is first who pays any attention to the syntax of things will never wholly kiss you … for life's not a paragraph in recording we have destroyed the need to remember He is very clever . No dust gathers on the grass , unless where man has broken ground . But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact , is it ? He becomes a witness . art is the royal road to the unactualized rain crackles through trees harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself Are you trying new territory ? more efficient for large movies The range of outside factors affecting it , as well as its own radius of action , reach beyond the space it materially occupies . Oh , is that how silly you want to be ? un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel i'll tell you anyway , even though i can tell you're humoring me : being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it twenty four hours later …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape– ( giggle ) –and you watched that tape recently , and you thought you were so much like him , you couldn't believe it ? I hate wandering and mixing things together . the city's roaring tonight listening is about the decision to do it , rather than talk about it Are you enjoying your dessert , Sam ? Hello , Sam . sensation without the boredom of its conveyance He doesn't miss anything . when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it ’ s not a surprise that some of today ’ s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange . Can I interview you a little bit ? A system is not imagined , it is real . it's beautiful to know . affect is the capacity to affect or be affected affect is a lived abstraction affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience non-conscious stirrings a change in focus , a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience bodies think as they feel the present is lost with the missing half-second , passing too quickly to be perceived , too quickly , actually , to have happened . An infant teacher ? Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful , for at any moment the telephone may ring Hello Sam-u-el . The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole . He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough ? Uh huh ! Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen , fühle , wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt at the end of daybreak , this inert town with its beyond of lepers , of consumption , of famines , of fears crouched in the ravines , fears perched in the trees , fears dug in the ground , fears adrift in the sky , of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish great hands of wind 16 artists ' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists ' studio does , everyone is suspicious . What's doin on the Rialto ? throw your tools in the fire i've got nowhere to go except further below so i keep digging and it gets darker every day but i see no other way than just committing . . . . It's a big event ! anything can happen once ( make the once ) Okay . Radcliffe Child Care Center . Why ? Sam , how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday ? that vast ennui , that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence Chance , then , rather than spontaneity , is a key term , for it implies risk and fear 19 defy slickness it should look like something transpired i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art Ask * him ! we exist in , by , and through mimicry . imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that . Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced . Is that the school that you go to ? Things that , you know , you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do ? Can I ask you another question ? Oh my . " All the colors . From within the antumbra , the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette . 18 we find ourselves running away or running to it , shocked and guilty either way . It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant . what is calming about the ocean ? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another , simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors ? Yeah . Because they're boring… ( giggle ) Oh ho ! Look , he wants to know where the voice is coming , I told you ! l ’ amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d ’ électricité . Hah , that's right . the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind Taken in the broadest sense , any apprehension of something doing , is an experience of activity when did you develop an interest in artistic expression ? cognition is beautiful . certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats , scientists greater than Newton , but in the teeth of those stupefying odds , it is you , and I , in our ordinariness , that are here . glass is structureless , structure only revealed through fracturing plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth That means I ask you questions and you answer them , like… um , " okay , Sarah , what are your favorite colors ? Doesn't feel like it , anyway * Sam , are you having fun ? And which school do you think you'd like to work at– –(singing ) haaaapppy dayyyyyys And which school do you think you'd like to work at ? He's absorbed by something How does it feel to be eight ? I hate dangling things ; I hate dampish things . skip , glowing , hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and waltz through the void corridor hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses as they cascade far above the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe fall into the cloud that hangs outside your window like the anchor of a shipwreck love is two at its purest fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation i don't want to be the 99% so there . " roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off . intelligence is contagious , and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention , there are thousands of books , movies , authors , and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture real old – not vintage . i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions , because to express the passions of the soul , one must have a soul We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere . that's the worst thing you can do . You're trying new territory . repetition is a beautiful vehicle And death i think is no parenthesis Are you trying new territory , Sammy ? what about things that you can do ? The occasion , which brings us together , has much in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities , and cast a solemnity over our thoughts . Um , can I interview– –what ? feelings so deep that you can ’ t feel them . i was younger than i am you were younger than i was the Cambridge ladies do not care , above Cambridge if sometimes in its box of sky lavender and cornerless , the moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids , the ball of your eye . All the colors ? Neurological study has lately shown that memory , imagination , and consciousness itself is stitched , quilted , pastiched . It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a " system " of interdependent processes . Grace : finding honor and credit through being a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human utter dependence upon a thing unseen bringing the nothing forward willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment . is open-ended and fluid ; nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won , except the certainty of a number of occurrences to which we are more than normally attentive . Hello , Sammy ! not to be me , not to be like me , but to press out into the world my most ardent questions look where you don't want to want where you don't look to look don't you want to want to look where you don't where you don't want to look to want where you don't look where don't you look where don't you want to look don't you look where you want you don't look where you want