that's the worst thing you can do . * Sam , are you having fun ? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another , simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors ? i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions , because to express the passions of the soul , one must have a soul persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres By necessity , by proclivity , and by delight , we all quote . twenty four hours later that vast ennui , that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence Chance , then , rather than spontaneity , is a key term , for it implies risk and fear 19 the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind He becomes a witness . imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that . you know what's cool ? the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic Looks like it . Oh , is that how silly you want to be ? sound causes the object to make themselves known god knows what the mathematics of an octave are in 1965 , forty minutes was a long time you're not going to change your ideas . We are mortal and fragile in specific ways , and we worry about them . You're trying new territory . Sam . stab at the fabric of possibility everything that's close stays just as it is . What does innnerview mean ? list of words to never use again : space of _ _ _ _ mediation experiment experience embodied mode of _ _ _ _ process playing with _ _ _ _ site/context-specific throw your tools in the fire Can I ask you another question ? and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too frictional encounter Et qu'au firmament , Où l'ouragan erre , Rugit le tonnerre Formidablement . un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel naked skeleton maple , for all the world Are you trying new territory ? The air itself is one vast library , on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered . " And he shuddered at the thought . Yeah . that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have ; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us ; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy . Yes Oh , that's – I'll start talking then . Hello Sam-u-el . Are you enjoying your dessert , Sam ? These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy . he came to resemble himself , the worst thing that can happen to anyone . I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids , the ball of your eye . Yeah . Look , he wants to know where the voice is coming , I told you ! cognition is beautiful . love is two at its purest A system is not imagined , it is real . the city's roaring tonight listening is about the decision to do it , rather than talk about it und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind , leben sie noch heute How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge ? Spring is like a perhaps hand ( which comes carefully out of Nowhere ) " roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off . when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it ’ s not a surprise that some of today ’ s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange . Sam ! affect is the capacity to affect or be affected affect is a lived abstraction affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience non-conscious stirrings a change in focus , a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience bodies think as they feel the present is lost with the missing half-second , passing too quickly to be perceived , too quickly , actually , to have happened . what about things that you can do ? Hey there , Sam , Hello there . being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth So , Sam , here you are at dinner , on one of your many travels . Why ? 16 artists ' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists ' studio does , everyone is suspicious . I dunno certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats , scientists greater than Newton , but in the teeth of those stupefying odds , it is you , and I , in our ordinariness , that are here . " It's bad enough wasting time without killing it . the Cambridge ladies do not care , above Cambridge if sometimes in its box of sky lavender and cornerless , the moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art we mirror everything by nature . He is very clever . We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere . i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of These are understandable biases for us humans . It's a big event ! But not black and brown . forgetting is essential to action of any kind Hey , Sammy ! out of nowhere , i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected , everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind , the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves , the impact of my footsteps , the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand , the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger , older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing . No No , he's halfway out So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream . the dramatic " um… " mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty disempower the question " what have you got to say " unwilling suspension of disbelief pleasure of our own self-deception He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough ? We are not stuff that abides , but patterns that perpetuate themselves . No dust gathers on the grass , unless where man has broken ground . There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple , and like anything that is simple , it is about the hardest thing in the world to do . fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation And death i think is no parenthesis The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole . An infant teacher ? in recording we have destroyed the need to remember Hah , that's right . anything that inhibits the potential for change ( in live theater ) is a mistake Sammy , how are you ? …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape– ( giggle ) –and you watched that tape recently , and you thought you were so much like him , you couldn't believe it ? Yes ! this is the procedure real old – not vintage . An infant teacher . Radcliffe Child Care Center . That means I ask you questions and you answer them , like… um , " okay , Sarah , what are your favorite colors ? i was younger than i am you were younger than i was Taken in the broadest sense , any apprehension of something doing , is an experience of activity He's full of sleep . Uh huh… ( giggle ) Yeah . What's doin , Sam ? new world order of blankness neutrality breeds suspicion at the end of daybreak , this inert town with its beyond of lepers , of consumption , of famines , of fears crouched in the ravines , fears perched in the trees , fears dug in the ground , fears adrift in the sky , of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish great hands of wind Sam , how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday ? sensation without the boredom of its conveyance is open-ended and fluid ; nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won , except the certainty of a number of occurrences to which we are more than normally attentive . Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful , for at any moment the telephone may ring input / output income / outcome bacon in versace veridical rabbit robot with allergies animate the dawn field of worms morse code streetlights periphony critical opalescence entasis syndrome cosmonaupolis truth fairy emoticonned onomatopoetic happiness deconciliation image reverb climate change > climate carnage popcorn and mold internet ouroboros enable cookies white eye white rot white noise white dust white flag ambiguous metadata resink reality quote unquote mumble mumble not just a metaphor life in the immediate past hong kong mush love snack drama under the floorboards dim light through a sheet of wood true balance needs weight on both sides i know , but i'm folded in a silly way hippocrites , the hypocritical hippopotamus a delicious pairing of delightful opposites machines only become machines when they fail truth should feel like a glitch movement under membranes , like muscles under skin photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ( ) electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands . look where you don't want to want where you don't look to look don't you want to want to look where you don't where you don't want to look to want where you don't look where don't you look where don't you want to look don't you look where you want you don't look where you want What's doin on the Rialto ? Are you trying new territory , Sammy ? watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray , scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes . Ask * him ! Okay . anything can happen once ( make the once ) Can I interview you a little bit ? feelings so deep that you can ’ t feel them . Uh , not different at all a " sculpture " that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object . i've got nowhere to go except further below so i keep digging and it gets darker every day but i see no other way than just committing . . . . when does one hear music as coincidental sound , and when does one hear sound as music ? How is it different from being seven ? But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact , is it ? The range of outside factors affecting it , as well as its own radius of action , reach beyond the space it materially occupies . Because they're boring… ( giggle ) Oh ho ! Neurological study has lately shown that memory , imagination , and consciousness itself is stitched , quilted , pastiched . intelligence is contagious , and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers As if you could kill time without injuring eternity . so there . you say " that's beautiful , you should write it down " and i'm pretty sure you're already gone . Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen , fühle , wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt All the colors ? Not different at all ? there is a lady , whose name is Afterwards she is sitting beside young death , is slender ; likes flowers in search of lost time 18 we find ourselves running away or running to it , shocked and guilty either way . writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same , except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool . " KILLING TIME ! since feeling is first who pays any attention to the syntax of things will never wholly kiss you … for life's not a paragraph Hello sam . more plugs than poetry glass is structureless , structure only revealed through fracturing plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth Oh my . we exist in , by , and through mimicry . How've you been , baby ? Doesn't feel like it , anyway ( giggle ) Is that sort of what's going on ? Things that , you know , you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do ? there's a ghost under my table reading freud I hate wandering and mixing things together . I'm just going to do a quick… Take your hands away from his face , Marion . It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a " system " of interdependent processes . but because of all the haze , almost blinding so early in the morning , mountains , cities , trees , all of it - everything turns into sky in the distance . Why is thunder like scratching ? He's absorbed by something Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment . when did you develop an interest in artistic expression ? it's beautiful to know . Yeah . art is the royal road to the unactualized l ’ amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d ’ électricité . cryptomnesia i'll tell you anyway , even though i can tell you're humoring me : Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping ? He doesn't miss anything . " All the colors . Grace : finding honor and credit through being a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human utter dependence upon a thing unseen bringing the nothing forward willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else not to be me , not to be like me , but to press out into the world my most ardent questions Um , at this point in your life , what do you think you might like to be when you grow up ? This is , um , Sam's grow tape , aaaand , you're now eight , Sam , so , I don't know , could you tell us something about being eight ? things we have only dimly perceived draw near Uh huh ! How does it feel to be eight ? the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe ich will nicht begehrt werden , ohne geliebt zu sein It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant . Can we even imagine a speculative ethics ? Hello , Sammy ! repetition is a beautiful vehicle this page intentionally left blank harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced . Hello , Sam . Is that the school that you go to ? skip , glowing , hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and waltz through the void corridor hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses as they cascade far above From within the antumbra , the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette . He's so alert . defy slickness it should look like something transpired what is calming about the ocean ? Um , can I interview– –what ? And which school do you think you'd like to work at– –(singing ) haaaapppy dayyyyyys And which school do you think you'd like to work at ? fall into the cloud that hangs outside your window like the anchor of a shipwreck The occasion , which brings us together , has much in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities , and cast a solemnity over our thoughts . i have to see to know more efficient for large movies if you sit on this side of the balcony , here , no - you have to actually come here - if you sit here , and look down the coast rain crackles through trees And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention , there are thousands of books , movies , authors , and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture Um. I dunno , like , I'm a little bit better at computer , but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven . i don't want to be the 99% I hate dangling things ; I hate dampish things . Does that register voices too ?