you say "that's beautiful, you should write it down"
than spontaneity, is a key
pleasure of our own self-deception
(robert wilson)
Où l'ouragan erre,
the universe
imagine a speculative
the need to remember
chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is key, for it implies risk and fear
Yeah.
thread that is not a twist
the eye is nothing like
41	1997	sarah grow tape (infant teacher)	00:14:33:04	00:21:21:16
it should look like something transpired
the void corridor
	Because they're boring… (giggle)
the decision to do it
shuddered at the thought

hate dampish things

more plugs than poetry
the potential for change
becoming larger
feelings so deep that you can’t feel them.

what about things that you can do? Things that, you know, you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do?
the cloud
	(giggle)
intelligence is contagious, and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers 
cognition is beautiful. it's beautiful to know.
I'm just going to do a quick…
truth should feel like a glitch 	

the memory of an act never experienced
hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses
where don't you look
	An infant teacher.
but because of all the haze,
mumble mumble

at the end of daybreak, this inert town with its beyond of lepers, of consumption, of famines, of fears crouched in the ravines, fears perched in the trees, fears dug in the ground, fears adrift in the sky, of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish

i was younger than i am
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough?
mode of ____
when does one hear music as coincidental sound, and when does one hear sound as music?

everything that's close stays just as it is.
(e.e. cummings)
want to look where you don't

i know, but i'm folded in a silly way
drama under the floorboards
the familiar strange.
the boredom of its conveyance
talk about it

the grass

the rights any thing should have
listening is about the decision to do it, rather than talk about it
i will not make stupid and pointless art
throw your tools in the fire
i don't want to be the 99%
So, Sam, here you are at dinner, on one of your many travels. Are you enjoying your dessert, Sam? Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping? Looks like it.
calling to know
ring like dimes

stab at the fabric
Yeah. Can I ask you another question?

noise that is modern popular
fall in love with
there is no particular
not to be me, not to be like me, but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
the curvature of the earth
feel them
for change is a mistake
this is the procedure
the ravines
(baudelaire)
I compulsively look up words I don’t know. “Penumbra” was one of them – I forget now where it was written – and this first line is swiped from a NASA glossary of solar-eclipse-related terms: “From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette.” Its rhythmic four-part structure resonated, and the rest of the page fell away. There’s always a certain poetry in descriptions of celestial mechanics, and this one line holds so much of the baffling scale and humility of our fixed perspective concomitant with an outward gaze.
	Sam! Look, he wants to know where the voice is coming, I told you! He is very clever. Oh my.
simple, it is about the

of affect is the process
she is sitting beside young death, is slender;
inhaling the memory
the worst thing
rain crackles through trees

where don't you want to look
the choice of what to mimic
ich will nicht begehrt werden, ohne geliebt zu sein
the city's roaring tonight
a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human
forgetting to make the familiar strange, or forgetting to familiar the strange: essential. Risk and fear, everything is manipulation. Running away or running to, laughing at you and forgetting. Running and laughing and forgetting, they're essential to action of any kind.cryptomnesia

we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way
affect is what's left
since feeling is first
came to resemble himself
want to look
(eliasson)
waive just so much care
there is a lady, whose name is Afterwards

(cosman)


hate wandering and mixing things
(cunningham)
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced. 
eye contact, is it

hate dangling things
imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that. (Hecker)
quote unquote
roaring tonight
stab at the fabric of possibility (terranova)
this page intentionally left blank

===
From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette. (nasa)
(michael connor)
than just committing
internet ouroboros

I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things. I hate wandering and mixing things together.
the pool
the broadest sense

recording we have destroyed

regarded as an object

the moon
the shit
And death i think is no parenthesis
present is lost
when they fail
be present and grapple
He's so alert. Yes!
passing too quickly
Doesn't feel like it, anyway
truth fairy
	–what?

At the end of daybreak, I was younger than I am; I was, for all the world, lost in the vast library of air itself. For all, I was the world, being lost, becoming younger. Being lost is the world becoming dimly perceived, becoming larger than your knowledge of it.

electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation
the range of outside factors
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it?
is stitched, quilted
the tips of the flowers and the leaves
poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth


popcorn and mold
So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream.
where don't you look

the 99%
(sara brown)

Spring is like a perhaps hand
bringing the nothing forward
Can we even imagine a speculative ethics? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another, simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors? (bogost 78)
un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel
the dew

disempower the question "what have you got to say"
honestly bestow elsewhere
moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy
slept really well
I can stretch out my fingers and feel air itself; I am sensation without the boredom of its conveyance. Non-conscious stirrings rustle at the edges of my periphony, where the hurricane wanders — thunder like scratching. I have to feel to know. 

reading freud
the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind

machines only become machines when they fail
being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it


Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful, for at any moment the telephone may ring
throw your tools in the fire
cosmonaupolis
manipulation – everything is manipulation
the thunder
	Things I have only dimly perceived draw near, a harmonic seduction moving under a membrane like muscles under skin. Love is a delicious pairing of delightful opposites; a rattling fragment of angry candy; great hands of wind that stretch out fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it? Like a drama unfolding under the floorboards or dim light through a sheet of wood, love should look like something transpired.
a "sculpture" that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object. The range of outside factors affecting it, as well as its own radius of action, reach beyond the space it materially occupies. It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a "system" of interdependent processes. These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy. He becomes a witness. A system is not imagined, it is real. (Haacke) 
Um. I dunno, like, I'm a little bit better at computer, but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven.
you were younger than i was
remember well his ignorance
l’amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d’électricité. 
enable cookies
wasting time without killing it
glass is structureless, structure only revealed through fracturing

Is that the school that you go to?

As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
intelligence is contagious
repetition is a beautiful vehicle (attias)
mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty 
artists' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists' studio does, everyone is suspicious.
In my last year at NYU, I signed up for a class in animation, perhaps willfully ignoring what I knew would be endless hours of keyframing, tweaking, and trying to avoid carpal tunnel. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the class, though, was reading an essay by Pixar founder and emotive wizard John Lasseter, in which he wrote of the similarities between traditional hand-drawn animation in the Disney studios and the computer generated work he was just starting to explore. This line is from a quote within that essay, by Bill Tytla, one of the original Disney animators: “There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do.”
–and you watched that tape recently, and you thought you were so much like him, you couldn't believe it?
(westerkamp)
waltz through

imagined, it is real
skip, glowing, hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and
(sehgal)
and i'm pretty sure you're already gone.
we all quote
the wind
the teeth of those stupefying odds
We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere.
the city's roaring tonight
calming about the ocean
becomes a witness

the nothing forward


the sun

the question
god knows what the mathematics of an octave are
the key feature
air itself is one vast
reading freud



the floorboards
a delicious pairing of delightful opposites
the Lethe
(meredith hall)

harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself (Hecker)
want to look where you don't
jump in the pool
except further below
awaken our sensibilities
the royal road
the capacity to affect or be affected
Taken in the broadest sense, any apprehension of something doing, is an experience of activity 
i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of
dim light through a sheet of wood
Oh ho! …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape–
PHRASES CENTERED AROUND "IS":
“For every Harry Potter and Blair Witch Project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture”
the hemispheres
roared the dog
cognition is beautiful
autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience
the end of daybreak
the extra layer of dust
defy m. Vaucanson
certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats, scientists greater than Newton, but in the teeth of those stupefying odds, it is you, and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.

affect is a lived abstraction
the trees
Um, at this point in your life, what do you think you might like to be when you grow up?
nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won
look where you don't want to
white flag
Et qu'au firmament,

Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment. There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands. By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched.

(kaprow)

make stupid and pointless art
where you don't want to look
cascade far
brings us together

	All the colors.
	Take your hands away from his face, Marion.

	Uh huh!
whose name is Afterwards
wholly kiss you
the mathematics of an octave
love is two
(phantom tollbooth // norton juster)
(Lucier)
sky lavender and cornerless, the
the sky
i've got nowhere to go
look at things
revealed through fracturing
reestablishing that fine nervousness
will never wholly kiss you
the hurricane
has broken ground
(vitiello)

folded in a silly way
consciousness itself is stitched, quilted

destroyed the need to remember
must have a soul

great hands of wind
the ball of your eye
you don't look where you want
===

NON-“IS” VERB PHRASES
(28)
hong kong mush love snack
the object
Spring is like
i'll tell you anyway, even though i can tell you're humoring me:
bodies think as they feel
stupidity is too – stupid
you know what's cool?

never use again

(carina linge)
twenty four hours later
true balance needs weight on both sides
who pays any attention
is simple, it
Cambridge if sometimes in its box of
that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy. These are understandable biases for us humans. We are mortal and fragile in specific ways, and we worry about them. (bogost 73)
(rilke)

the hardest thing in the world
white rot
		Does that register voices too?
merges with the environment
everything turns into sky in the distance.

more efficient for large movies
almost blinding so early in the morning,
anything that inhibits the potential for change (in live theater) is a mistake
bacon in versace

From within the
the once happen
you don't look where you want
	Yeah.
when did you develop an interest in artistic expression?
solemnity over our thoughts.
love with is the wind
Why?
something doing, is an experience
	Uh huh… (giggle)

(critic of vaucanson)

but i see no other way

No dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.
The occasion, which brings us together, has much 
fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation


Can I interview you a little bit?
make stupid and pointless art
movement under membranes, like muscles under skin
if you sit on this side of the balcony, here,
===
:::::::::::: TRANSCRIPTS ::::::::::::
(naomi)
playing with ____
feel good about life and the universe

as they cascade far above
characterize the internal
Sam, are you having fun?

Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen, fühle,
===
I like performance being something I'm kind of scared of – at any moment the telephone may ring, like rain crackling through trees. In the teeth of those stupefying odds, forgetting can happen to anyone – it's simple, and like anything that is simple, it is the hardest thing in the world to do. Like the simple performance of being something, it is the crackling hardest, and stupefying. Forgetting is a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human, a twist in the warp and woof of every moment.
(tolaas)

the antumbra
finding honor and credit through being
where don't you want to look
process
the fire
the room
he came to resemble himself, the worst thing that can happen to anyone.

featureless sea of noise
art is the royal
This is, um, Sam's grow tape, aaaand, you're now eight, Sam, so, I don't know, could you tell us something about being eight? How does it feel to be eight?
use his knowledge
persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres
—

i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
everyone is suspicious

the telephone

		Hah, that's right. Ask *him!*
there is no thread
And which school do you think you'd like to work at?
pairing of delightful opposites
utter dependence upon a thing unseen
we mirror everything by nature. we exist in, by, and through mimicry. the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic
just committing
the memory of an act never experienced
Rugit le tonnerre
there's a ghost under my table
forgetting is essential to action of any kind (nietszche)
the ocean
How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?
Repetition is a beautiful vehicle. M. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth are lost with the missing half-second, drowning every time they jump in the pool in search of lost time. Like a perhaps hand, an apprehension of something doing crackles through trees and sits, adrift, in the sky; an apprehension folded in a silly way and on whose pages are for ever written a list of words to never use again.
for life's not a paragraph
the dramatic "um…"
the one in love with universal life
income / outcome
(which comes carefully
fuck manipulation
real old – not vintage. the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it
plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
the present
a change in focus, a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it 
We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves
expresses the passions
white eye
make an artificial face


(lethem 2)

climate change > climate carnage
ambiguous metadata
Not different at all?
life in the immediate past

when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it’s not a surprise that some of today’s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange.
presents itself as familiar
permet de donner l’apparence
critical opalescence


experience

leben sie noch heute
embodied
has lately shown that memory

Moon which is seen
￼ http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/SEhelp/SEglossary.html￼ watts 207￼ walden￼ http://harpers.org/archive/2007/02/the-ecstasy-of-influence/?single=1￼ lasseter 1 
lying so close to the surface
reach beyond the space

		Oh, that's – I'll start talking then. How've you been, baby? Sammy, how are you? Hello, Sammy!
bringing the nothing
nothing obvious is sought and
the unactualized
the fabric of possibility
kill time without
life itself is an existence
erre, rugit le tonnerre
(rebecca solnitz)
image reverb

(wiener)
being lost is the world
resink reality
the thought
the feel of the eye

point – when the film is around 40 minutes in length – when it’s no longer a compelling short, but not yet a round, familiar hour. The whole story seems awkward and unwieldy, like me at age 16 – gangly and unsteady. I was figuratively 40 minutes into graduate school and feeling listless, my work no longer spontaneous but not yet coherent, when I read Jonathan Lethem’s The Ecstasy of Influence (a Plagiarism). Much as he describes his encounter with the work of William Burroughs (which itself was snatched from someone else’s experience), I was floored by the effortlessness and continuity of Lethem’s patchwork writing. Suddenly I could see written text as a material, one to be cut up, manipulated, and formed like any other physical material. These two lines – “Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced” and “Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched” are both lifted from that essay.
hear music as coincidental
(zizek)
exist in, by, and through
(thoreau)
evolve without the viewer
Why is thunder like scratching?

where you don't want to look

remember well his ignorance

the city's roaring
ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
mumble mumble
swallowed like eighty liters
experiment

hear sound as music
i have to see to know

look don't you want to
the garden
look like something transpired
The air itself is one vast library, on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered. 
the dawn

(valery but actually bacon)
relationship that is better understood
in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities, and cast a 

doing, is
white dust

Chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is a key term, for it implies risk and fear (thus reestablishing that fine nervousness so pleasant when something is about to occur)
den Raum vermehrt
stuff that i've written in my notebooks:
the machinists on earth
that which is breathtakingly beautiful
like the anchor of a shipwreck
(wendall harrington)
listening is about
draw near
photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ([ ] [ ] [ ])

formed into a whole

ambitious art is going about
worry about them
Okay. Um, can I interview–
serves to disconnect
waltz through the void corridor
love is two at its purest
whirr to the hum
the viewer's empathy
the ground
the procedure
disempower the question
onomatopoetic happiness

	He's full of sleep.
stretch out my fingers
(kentridge)

feel your closed
the dramatic "um…"

she is sitting beside
look don't you want to
wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt



include poets greater than Keats

see no other way
fühle, wie dien Atem


the gaze


	He's absorbed by something
to the syntax of things
I dunno
drowning every time
dancing on the tips

(valery)
affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience
(john hull, notes on blindness)

affect is the capacity to affect or be affected
animate the dawn
may ring

03	1989	mom: "are you enjoying…"	00:20:38:27	00:22:21:29

don't you look where you want
what is calming
(verlaine)
frictional encounter

fall into the cloud



the firmament
affecting it
anything that is simple, it
Six Degrees, by Duncan Watts, is a pop science book written to make network theory somewhat more accessible to a lay reader. Much of the text is driven by a nauseatingly optimistic disregard for the dystopic potential of these new methods for mapping crowds and finding individuals. 
	Yeah.
justify it
no - you have to actually come here -
	But not black and brown.
the surface of our comfortable existence


list of words to never use again:
(cage)
(massumi)
	(giggle)
neutrality breeds suspicion

that hangs outside your window
He doesn't miss anything.
bestow upon yourself
the meteors ring
the same
It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant.
the world
sound causes the object to make themselves known

morse code streetlights
make stupid and pointless art
sitting beside young death
what is calming about the ocean?

sing like that
You're trying new territory. Are you trying new territory? Are you trying new territory, Sammy? Hey, Sammy! Hello, Sam. Hey there, Sam, Hello there. Sam. Hello sam. Hello Sam-u-el. What's doin, Sam? What's doin on the Rialto?
white noise

		No, he's halfway out




art is the royal road to the unactualized
How is it different from being seven?
deconciliation
(mom)
going about trying to make
rustle at the edges
remaindering potentials

. . . . the Cambridge ladies do not care, above
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way.
skip, glowing
keep digging
That means I ask you questions and you answer them, like… um, "okay, Sarah, what are your favorite colors?"
out of Nowhere)

There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do. (Bill Tytla at the Walt Disney Studio, June 28, 1937. (lasseter 1)
depends on a human mouth
don't you look where you want
i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions, because to express the passions of the soul, one must have a soul
likes flowers
young death, is slender
the difference between light and darkness
physically reacts
	Radcliffe Child Care Center.
naked skeleton maple, for all the world
mountains, cities, trees, all of it -

	–(singing) haaaapppy dayyyyyys



fall into the cloud
the environment
want where you don't look to
forgetting is essential
willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at
i will not make stupid and pointless art
look where you don't want to
the dog
perpetuate themselves
hangs outside
(gates)
in 1965, forty minutes was a long time
see to know
want where you don't look to
A system is not imagined

the internal struggles and codes of another
feel like a glitch
enable cookies
if you sit here, and look down the coast
	No
mirror everything by nature


	What does innnerview mean?
writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same, except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool.
the madness
veridical rabbit
resink reality

calculated to awaken

(dawkins)
make the warp and woof
(john hull, sound: an enrichment or state)
the anchor of a shipwreck
the passions of the soul
express the passions

and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too
this is the procedure
not to be me, not to be like me, but to 
Oh, is that how silly you want to be?
All the colors?
the present is lost with the missing half-second, passing too quickly to be perceived, too quickly, actually, to have happened. 

tracing and reconstructing evidence

And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture (watts 207)
when something is about
unwilling suspension of disbelief
nothing is won
the hypocritical hippopotamus
defy slickness

the edges of peripheral vision


(story, mt auburn dedication)
(mine)
and it gets darker every day
the space it materially occupies
i will not make stupid and pointless art

new world order of blankness
repetition is a beautiful

its environment is no longer
Why is thunder like

anything can happen once (make the once)
knows what the mathematics
entasis syndrome
scratching
und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind, leben sie noch heute
the interactions of neighbors
hiding real uncertainty
the hum of central ventilation
press out into
Uh, not different at all
inhibits the potential for change
the missing half-second
the immediate past
(katrin sohldju)
the occasion, which
non-conscious stirrings
in recording we have destroyed the need to remember (halpern 76)

(9)
Beware of that which

The attitude of this sentence, dripping with macho snide, was what first struck me, followed by a sense of duty to honor those, like most of us, who contend daily with our place in the “featureless sea of noise.”
animate the dawn

rattles like a fragment
the process of remaindering potentials


kill time without injuring eternity 
stuff from other people in my notebooks, quotes, and readings:
the warp and woof of every moment
make themselves known
“How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?” I read Walden for the first time while on a two-month road trip tracing the clockwise outline of America. I was sitting by our first campfire, beer in one hand, an ancient copy of Walden in the other, grateful and amazed. Grateful to have a car, a loving travel companion, supportive family, and the time to go on such an adventure; amazed at how easy it was to quit my high-paying but stressful and unreliable design jobs and fit my life into a little black hatchback.
likes flowers


(cesaire)

affect is the capacity
(william james)
	Flat as the curvature of the earth, I skip, glowing, acres above boiling molten cotton, and waltz through the void corridor. I hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses, cascading overhead, bringing the nothing forward.
(babbage)
the mark of consciousness
to want where you don't look
(death cab)
site/context-specific
hippocrites, the hypocritical hippopotamus
emoticonned
since feeling is first

change your ideas
"KILLING TIME!" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off. "It's bad enough wasting time without killing it." And he shuddered at the thought.
hear the meteors
(7)
to want where you don't look



Grace:
there is a lady
the world
odds, it is you
mediation
the world becoming larger
things we have only dimly perceived draw near

input / output
the kind of old
(woolf)

…

cast a solemnity
sensation without the boredom of its conveyance 
the passions
entre dans la foule
space of ____
glass is structureless

field of worms
watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray, scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes. out of nowhere, i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected, everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind, the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves, the impact of my footsteps, the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand, the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger, older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing.
in search of lost time (proust)
There’s a point in every project I’ve ever done – about two-thirds of the way in – when suddenly I feel totally lost, I hate the whole project, I doubt my abilities as an artist and functional human, and I want to burn the whole thing and apply to law school. My father calls it the “40 Minute Problem.” In filmmaking, there’s a 
you're not going to change your ideas. that's the worst thing you can do. so there.


pays any attention
running away or running to

It is an experience

so i keep digging
care, above

i think is no parenthesis
34	1997	sam grow tape (computers)	00:04:57:01	00:06:03:12
(that’s the end of the new stuff so far)PHRASES STARTING WITH "THE," INCLUDING ANY MODIFIERS:
develop an interest
the only thing
hope you slept
(12)
the Cambridge ladies
robot with allergies

appears larger than
Formidablement.
the syntax of things
An infant teacher? And which school do you think you'd like to work at–
that vast ennui, that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence
gathers on the grass

affect is a lived
Sam, how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday? It's a big event!

Yes
comes carefully out of Nowhere
03	00:18:59:21	00:19:25:15
not just a metaphor
Is that sort of what's going on?
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole.
crackles through trees

periphony
(cocteau)
