the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
if you sit on this side of the balcony , here , no - you have to actually come here - if you sit here , and look down the coast
Um. I dunno , like , I'm a little bit better at computer , but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven .
That means I ask you questions and you answer them , like… um , " okay , Sarah , what are your favorite colors ?
Spring is like a perhaps hand ( which comes carefully out of Nowhere )
Um , can I interview– –what ?
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids , the ball of your eye .
glass is structureless , structure only revealed through fracturing plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation
what is calming about the ocean ?
twenty four hours later
I dunno
We are mortal and fragile in specific ways , and we worry about them .
Sam .
l ’ amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d ’ électricité .
But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact , is it ?
this page intentionally left blank
It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a " system " of interdependent processes .
what about things that you can do ?
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity .
What does innnerview mean ?
How is it different from being seven ?
cryptomnesia
look where you don't want to want where you don't look to look don't you want to want to look where you don't where you don't want to look to want where you don't look where don't you look where don't you want to look don't you look where you want you don't look where you want
An infant teacher ?
i'll tell you anyway , even though i can tell you're humoring me :
Oh my .
skip , glowing , hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and waltz through the void corridor hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses as they cascade far above
He's full of sleep .
you say " that's beautiful , you should write it down " and i'm pretty sure you're already gone .
Sammy , how are you ?
* Sam , are you having fun ?
The occasion , which brings us together , has much in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities , and cast a solemnity over our thoughts .
He's so alert .
Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful , for at any moment the telephone may ring
imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that .
naked skeleton maple , for all the world
is open-ended and fluid ; nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won , except the certainty of a number of occurrences to which we are more than normally attentive .
we mirror everything by nature .
Are you trying new territory ?
rain crackles through trees
…Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape– ( giggle ) –and you watched that tape recently , and you thought you were so much like him , you couldn't believe it ?
No No , he's halfway out So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream .
This is , um , Sam's grow tape , aaaand , you're now eight , Sam , so , I don't know , could you tell us something about being eight ?
16 artists ' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists ' studio does , everyone is suspicious .
stab at the fabric of possibility
An infant teacher .
the dramatic " um… " mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty disempower the question " what have you got to say " unwilling suspension of disbelief pleasure of our own self-deception
i have to see to know
it's beautiful to know .
Yeah .
persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres
It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant .
sound causes the object to make themselves known god knows what the mathematics of an octave are in 1965 , forty minutes was a long time you're not going to change your ideas .
Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment .
Neurological study has lately shown that memory , imagination , and consciousness itself is stitched , quilted , pastiched .
Hey there , Sam , Hello there .
These are understandable biases for us humans .
when did you develop an interest in artistic expression ?
Hey , Sammy !
Oh , is that how silly you want to be ?
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough ?
It's a big event !
Yes Oh , that's – I'll start talking then .
Et qu'au firmament , Où l'ouragan erre , Rugit le tonnerre Formidablement .
that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have ; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us ; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy .
Does that register voices too ?
" KILLING TIME !
anything that inhibits the potential for change ( in live theater ) is a mistake
writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same , except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool .
There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands .
more efficient for large movies
A system is not imagined , it is real .
He is very clever .
How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge ?
i've got nowhere to go except further below so i keep digging and it gets darker every day but i see no other way than just committing . . . .
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced .
being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it
And which school do you think you'd like to work at– –(singing ) haaaapppy dayyyyyys And which school do you think you'd like to work at ?
in recording we have destroyed the need to remember
there is a lady , whose name is Afterwards she is sitting beside young death , is slender ; likes flowers
Uh huh… ( giggle ) Yeah .
when does one hear music as coincidental sound , and when does one hear sound as music ?
Look , he wants to know where the voice is coming , I told you !
He doesn't miss anything .
out of nowhere , i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected , everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind , the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves , the impact of my footsteps , the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand , the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger , older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing .
Yeah .
and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too
Can we even imagine a speculative ethics ?
Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen , fühle , wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt
things we have only dimly perceived draw near
All the colors ?
" It's bad enough wasting time without killing it .
Because they're boring… ( giggle ) Oh ho !
( giggle ) Is that sort of what's going on ?
Grace : finding honor and credit through being a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human utter dependence upon a thing unseen bringing the nothing forward willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
We are not stuff that abides , but patterns that perpetuate themselves .
We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere .
Can I interview you a little bit ?
Why ?
Not different at all ?
i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of
" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off .
Is that the school that you go to ?
list of words to never use again : space of _ _ _ _ mediation experiment experience embodied mode of _ _ _ _ process playing with _ _ _ _ site/context-specific
What's doin on the Rialto ?
Things that , you know , you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do ?
Doesn't feel like it , anyway
that's the worst thing you can do .
frictional encounter
You're trying new territory .
18 we find ourselves running away or running to it , shocked and guilty either way .
The air itself is one vast library , on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered .
Why is thunder like scratching ?
Sam !
throw your tools in the fire
Are you trying new territory , Sammy ?
the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind
art is the royal road to the unactualized
defy slickness it should look like something transpired
By necessity , by proclivity , and by delight , we all quote .
Sam , how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday ?
anything can happen once ( make the once )
Um , at this point in your life , what do you think you might like to be when you grow up ?
repetition is a beautiful vehicle
feelings so deep that you can ’ t feel them .
Ask * him !
i don't want to be the 99%
certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats , scientists greater than Newton , but in the teeth of those stupefying odds , it is you , and I , in our ordinariness , that are here .
Okay .
i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions , because to express the passions of the soul , one must have a soul
I hate dangling things ; I hate dampish things .
but because of all the haze , almost blinding so early in the morning , mountains , cities , trees , all of it - everything turns into sky in the distance .
Taken in the broadest sense , any apprehension of something doing , is an experience of activity
cognition is beautiful .
new world order of blankness neutrality breeds suspicion
I hate wandering and mixing things together .
Hello Sam-u-el .
What's doin , Sam ?
These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy .
we exist in , by , and through mimicry .
But not black and brown .
fall into the cloud that hangs outside your window like the anchor of a shipwreck
not to be me , not to be like me , but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
Looks like it .
since feeling is first who pays any attention to the syntax of things will never wholly kiss you … for life's not a paragraph
i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art i will not make stupid and pointless art
He's absorbed by something
everything that's close stays just as it is .
The range of outside factors affecting it , as well as its own radius of action , reach beyond the space it materially occupies .
Radcliffe Child Care Center .
that vast ennui , that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence Chance , then , rather than spontaneity , is a key term , for it implies risk and fear 19
Uh , not different at all
Yeah .
sensation without the boredom of its conveyance
From within the antumbra , the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette .
Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping ?
And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention , there are thousands of books , movies , authors , and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture
i was younger than i am you were younger than i was
a " sculpture " that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object .
I'm just going to do a quick… Take your hands away from his face , Marion .
He becomes a witness .
No dust gathers on the grass , unless where man has broken ground .
affect is the capacity to affect or be affected affect is a lived abstraction affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience non-conscious stirrings a change in focus , a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience bodies think as they feel the present is lost with the missing half-second , passing too quickly to be perceived , too quickly , actually , to have happened .
love is two at its purest
poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth
Hello , Sammy !
he came to resemble himself , the worst thing that can happen to anyone .
in search of lost time
intelligence is contagious , and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers
And death i think is no parenthesis
when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it ’ s not a surprise that some of today ’ s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange .
How does it feel to be eight ?
There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple , and like anything that is simple , it is about the hardest thing in the world to do .
the city's roaring tonight listening is about the decision to do it , rather than talk about it
Hello , Sam .
you know what's cool ?
input / output income / outcome bacon in versace veridical rabbit robot with allergies animate the dawn field of worms morse code streetlights periphony critical opalescence entasis syndrome cosmonaupolis truth fairy emoticonned onomatopoetic happiness deconciliation image reverb climate change > climate carnage popcorn and mold internet ouroboros enable cookies white eye white rot white noise white dust white flag ambiguous metadata resink reality quote unquote mumble mumble not just a metaphor life in the immediate past hong kong mush love snack drama under the floorboards dim light through a sheet of wood true balance needs weight on both sides i know , but i'm folded in a silly way hippocrites , the hypocritical hippopotamus a delicious pairing of delightful opposites machines only become machines when they fail truth should feel like a glitch movement under membranes , like muscles under skin photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ( ) electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation
harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself
Are you enjoying your dessert , Sam ?
How've you been , baby ?
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole .
so there .
Hello sam .
Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another , simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors ?
ich will nicht begehrt werden , ohne geliebt zu sein
" And he shuddered at the thought .
und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind , leben sie noch heute
Can I ask you another question ?
Yes !
there's a ghost under my table reading freud
Hah , that's right .
real old – not vintage .
" All the colors .
So , Sam , here you are at dinner , on one of your many travels .
more plugs than poetry
at the end of daybreak , this inert town with its beyond of lepers , of consumption , of famines , of fears crouched in the ravines , fears perched in the trees , fears dug in the ground , fears adrift in the sky , of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish great hands of wind
forgetting is essential to action of any kind
un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel
watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray , scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes .
Uh huh !
this is the procedure
the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic
the Cambridge ladies do not care , above Cambridge if sometimes in its box of sky lavender and cornerless , the moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy