there is no thread

present is lost
bestow upon yourself
robot with allergies
i will not make stupid and pointless art
in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities, and cast a 

the occasion, which


keep digging
Cambridge if sometimes in its box of

the sky
fuck manipulation
(westerkamp)
kill time without injuring eternity 
He's so alert. Yes!
we all quote
	Uh huh!
feelings so deep that you can’t feel them.

(which comes carefully
(valery)


look don't you want to

care, above
i'll tell you anyway, even though i can tell you're humoring me:
Repetition is a beautiful vehicle. M. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth are lost with the missing half-second, drowning every time they jump in the pool in search of lost time. Like a perhaps hand, an apprehension of something doing crackles through trees and sits, adrift, in the sky; an apprehension folded in a silly way and on whose pages are for ever written a list of words to never use again.
forgetting is essential to action of any kind (nietszche)


formed into a whole
expresses the passions
l’amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d’électricité. 

the rights any thing should have


and i'm pretty sure you're already gone.
non-conscious stirrings
stab at the fabric
hear the meteors
the question
(carina linge)

white rot
jump in the pool
reading freud
develop an interest
rattles like a fragment
i will not make stupid and pointless art
sky lavender and cornerless, the
The occasion, which brings us together, has much 
ambiguous metadata
want to look where you don't
feel good about life and the universe
fühle, wie dien Atem
the dew

A system is not imagined
simple, it is about the
the fire
	(giggle)
photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ([ ] [ ] [ ])
recording we have destroyed
waltz through
the thunder
justify it
it should look like something transpired
the decision to do it
electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation
movement under membranes, like muscles under skin

to want where you don't look
calculated to awaken



consciousness itself is stitched, quilted
presents itself as familiar
the hum of central ventilation
Um, at this point in your life, what do you think you might like to be when you grow up?
there's a ghost under my table
there is no particular
skip, glowing
chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is key, for it implies risk and fear
den Raum vermehrt
want where you don't look to
reestablishing that fine nervousness
(mine)
(phantom tollbooth // norton juster)
sitting beside young death
there is a lady, whose name is Afterwards
serves to disconnect
stuff from other people in my notebooks, quotes, and readings:
the end of daybreak
this page intentionally left blank
came to resemble himself

…
mirror everything by nature
never use again
of affect is the process
image reverb
you don't look where you want
stab at the fabric of possibility (terranova)
critical opalescence
Doesn't feel like it, anyway
white noise
the teeth of those stupefying odds

the one in love with universal life
where don't you look
animate the dawn
“How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?” I read Walden for the first time while on a two-month road trip tracing the clockwise outline of America. I was sitting by our first campfire, beer in one hand, an ancient copy of Walden in the other, grateful and amazed. Grateful to have a car, a loving travel companion, supportive family, and the time to go on such an adventure; amazed at how easy it was to quit my high-paying but stressful and unreliable design jobs and fit my life into a little black hatchback.
the trees
waltz through the void corridor

ich will nicht begehrt werden, ohne geliebt zu sein
things we have only dimly perceived draw near
naked skeleton maple, for all the world
neutrality breeds suspicion

enable cookies
the edges of peripheral vision
We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves
who pays any attention

quote unquote

doing, is
Taken in the broadest sense, any apprehension of something doing, is an experience of activity 
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way

a change in focus, a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it 
something doing, is an experience
imagined, it is real

odds, it is you
Chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is a key term, for it implies risk and fear (thus reestablishing that fine nervousness so pleasant when something is about to occur)
. . . . the Cambridge ladies do not care, above
feel your closed
becomes a witness
the procedure

periphony
That means I ask you questions and you answer them, like… um, "okay, Sarah, what are your favorite colors?"
	What does innnerview mean?
(e.e. cummings)
everything turns into sky in the distance.
look where you don't want to

the capacity to affect or be affected
artists' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists' studio does, everyone is suspicious.

has broken ground
lying so close to the surface
the surface of our comfortable existence
hong kong mush love snack
knows what the mathematics
what is calming about the ocean?
in recording we have destroyed the need to remember (halpern 76)
An infant teacher? And which school do you think you'd like to work at–
the madness

where you don't want to look
a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human

like the anchor of a shipwreck


inhaling the memory

awaken our sensibilities
the extra layer of dust

to want where you don't look
not to be me, not to be like me, but to 
the environment
change your ideas
what is calming
the world becoming larger
hippocrites, the hypocritical hippopotamus
she is sitting beside young death, is slender;



likes flowers
cognition is beautiful. it's beautiful to know.
poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth
the mark of consciousness
if you sit on this side of the balcony, here,



NON-“IS” VERB PHRASES
not to be me, not to be like me, but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
gathers on the grass
41	1997	sarah grow tape (infant teacher)	00:14:33:04	00:21:21:16
the syntax of things
intelligence is contagious, and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers 
than just committing
make stupid and pointless art
autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience
whirr to the hum
(rilke)
real old – not vintage. the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it
love is two
bringing the nothing forward
when does one hear music as coincidental sound, and when does one hear sound as music?
the room
don't you look where you want
(cosman)
the tips of the flowers and the leaves

(verlaine)

Oh, is that how silly you want to be?
anything can happen once (make the once)
Grace:
Yeah.
almost blinding so early in the morning,

everything that's close stays just as it is.
where don't you look
listening is about
the memory of an act never experienced
(meredith hall)
the 99%
I dunno
Why?
	No

the hurricane
the eye is nothing like
Why is thunder like scratching?
is stitched, quilted
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
(valery but actually bacon)
the broadest sense
And death i think is no parenthesis
affect is the capacity to affect or be affected


the worst thing



We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere.
that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy. These are understandable biases for us humans. We are mortal and fragile in specific ways, and we worry about them. (bogost 73)
truth should feel like a glitch 	

appears larger than
–and you watched that tape recently, and you thought you were so much like him, you couldn't believe it?
sensation without the boredom of its conveyance 
for change is a mistake

defy m. Vaucanson
(william james)
persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres
make themselves known

you're not going to change your ideas. that's the worst thing you can do. so there.

mode of ____
whose name is Afterwards
Is that the school that you go to?
dancing on the tips


manipulation – everything is manipulation

noise that is modern popular
i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of

the present
Sam, how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday? It's a big event!
(Lucier)
passing too quickly

Uh, not different at all

affect is what's left
imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that. (Hecker)
use his knowledge
anything that inhibits the potential for change (in live theater) is a mistake
anything that is simple, it
(john hull, notes on blindness)
Um. I dunno, like, I'm a little bit better at computer, but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven.
the once happen

the antumbra
Rugit le tonnerre
bodies think as they feel
The air itself is one vast library, on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered. 
the potential for change
regarded as an object

exist in, by, and through
unwilling suspension of disbelief
ring like dimes
fall into the cloud

I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things. I hate wandering and mixing things together.
a delicious pairing of delightful opposites
I'm just going to do a quick…

when they fail
entre dans la foule

forgetting is essential
repetition is a beautiful

(babbage)
great hands of wind
being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it
the hypocritical hippopotamus

to the syntax of things
disempower the question
and it gets darker every day
want to look where you don't
	(giggle)
life in the immediate past
eye contact, is it
Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen, fühle,

So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream.
field of worms
see to know

scratching
art is the royal road to the unactualized
the curvature of the earth
where don't you want to look


From within the
talk about it
out of Nowhere)
the royal road
(critic of vaucanson)
the fabric of possibility
twenty four hours later
throw your tools in the fire
the city's roaring
except further below

Spring is like a perhaps hand
ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
income / outcome

Can we even imagine a speculative ethics? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another, simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors? (bogost 78)

but i see no other way


hear sound as music
the cloud

folded in a silly way
	Yeah.
glass is structureless
(naomi)
the feel of the eye

since feeling is first
(7)
the immediate past

we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way.
if you sit here, and look down the coast
the choice of what to mimic



i will not make stupid and pointless art
the object

list of words to never use again:
that vast ennui, that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence
veridical rabbit
a "sculpture" that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object. The range of outside factors affecting it, as well as its own radius of action, reach beyond the space it materially occupies. It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a "system" of interdependent processes. These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy. He becomes a witness. A system is not imagined, it is real. (Haacke) 
i was younger than i am
affect is a lived abstraction
look don't you want to
the dog
i don't want to be the 99%

the key feature
animate the dawn
embodied
reading freud
make the warp and woof
white eye
thread that is not a twist
the city's roaring tonight
wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt
(kentridge)
more efficient for large movies
will never wholly kiss you
	Things I have only dimly perceived draw near, a harmonic seduction moving under a membrane like muscles under skin. Love is a delicious pairing of delightful opposites; a rattling fragment of angry candy; great hands of wind that stretch out fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it? Like a drama unfolding under the floorboards or dim light through a sheet of wood, love should look like something transpired.
the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind
Spring is like

slept really well
the hemispheres
Six Degrees, by Duncan Watts, is a pop science book written to make network theory somewhat more accessible to a lay reader. Much of the text is driven by a nauseatingly optimistic disregard for the dystopic potential of these new methods for mapping crowds and finding individuals. 



disempower the question "what have you got to say"
make stupid and pointless art
“For every Harry Potter and Blair Witch Project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture”
the range of outside factors
god knows what the mathematics of an octave are
deconciliation
he came to resemble himself, the worst thing that can happen to anyone.
kill time without


playing with ____
becoming larger
nothing is won
resink reality
so i keep digging
tracing and reconstructing evidence
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole.
03	00:18:59:21	00:19:25:15
(lethem 2)
remaindering potentials
i know, but i'm folded in a silly way
(cesaire)
solemnity over our thoughts.
life itself is an existence
the void corridor
point – when the film is around 40 minutes in length – when it’s no longer a compelling short, but not yet a round, familiar hour. The whole story seems awkward and unwieldy, like me at age 16 – gangly and unsteady. I was figuratively 40 minutes into graduate school and feeling listless, my work no longer spontaneous but not yet coherent, when I read Jonathan Lethem’s The Ecstasy of Influence (a Plagiarism). Much as he describes his encounter with the work of William Burroughs (which itself was snatched from someone else’s experience), I was floored by the effortlessness and continuity of Lethem’s patchwork writing. Suddenly I could see written text as a material, one to be cut up, manipulated, and formed like any other physical material. These two lines – “Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced” and “Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched” are both lifted from that essay.
the ravines

cast a solemnity
where you don't want to look
the viewer's empathy
i have to see to know
look at things
From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette. (nasa)
revealed through fracturing
writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same, except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool.

the pool

	–(singing) haaaapppy dayyyyyys

when something is about
	But not black and brown.
fall in love with
affecting it
"KILLING TIME!" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off. "It's bad enough wasting time without killing it." And he shuddered at the thought.
feel them
I like performance being something I'm kind of scared of – at any moment the telephone may ring, like rain crackling through trees. In the teeth of those stupefying odds, forgetting can happen to anyone – it's simple, and like anything that is simple, it is the hardest thing in the world to do. Like the simple performance of being something, it is the crackling hardest, and stupefying. Forgetting is a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human, a twist in the warp and woof of every moment.
(woolf)

Où l'ouragan erre,
(katrin sohldju)
It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant.
	He's full of sleep.

the interactions of neighbors

art is the royal
experiment
entasis syndrome
listening is about the decision to do it, rather than talk about it
erre, rugit le tonnerre
bringing the nothing
hiding real uncertainty
brings us together
cascade far

finding honor and credit through being
honestly bestow elsewhere
in search of lost time (proust)
the world

the gaze
und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind, leben sie noch heute
process
merges with the environment



defy slickness
when did you develop an interest in artistic expression?
	Sam! Look, he wants to know where the voice is coming, I told you! He is very clever. Oh my.
the sun
input / output
utter dependence upon a thing unseen


the passions
		Hah, that's right. Ask *him!*
Can I interview you a little bit?
make stupid and pointless art
harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself (Hecker)
express the passions
the Lethe

stretch out my fingers
for life's not a paragraph
feel like a glitch
white flag
you say "that's beautiful, you should write it down"

this is the procedure
the wind
moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy
34	1997	sam grow tape (computers)	00:04:57:01	00:06:03:12
i've got nowhere to go
we mirror everything by nature. we exist in, by, and through mimicry. the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic
It is an experience
(thoreau)
affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience
the familiar strange.
this is the procedure
(rebecca solnitz)
the memory of an act never experienced
there is a lady
(kaprow)
the need to remember
hate dampish things
PHRASES CENTERED AROUND "IS":



the ground
bacon in versace

pairing of delightful opposites
the thought
being lost is the world
the firmament
rustle at the edges
stuff that i've written in my notebooks:
Formidablement.

draw near
03	1989	mom: "are you enjoying…"	00:20:38:27	00:22:21:29

no - you have to actually come here -
the nothing forward
don't you look where you want
that which is breathtakingly beautiful

throw your tools in the fire
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it?
(28)
you know what's cool?
experience
Is that sort of what's going on?
Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment. There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands. By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched.
sing like that
===

reach beyond the space

(john hull, sound: an enrichment or state)
worry about them
watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray, scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes. out of nowhere, i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected, everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind, the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves, the impact of my footsteps, the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand, the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger, older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing.

hope you slept
calling to know
roaring tonight
and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too
love with is the wind
the dramatic "um…"
	Radcliffe Child Care Center.
be present and grapple
new world order of blankness
climate change > climate carnage
the moon
	An infant teacher.
evolve without the viewer
what about things that you can do? Things that, you know, you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do?
as they cascade far above

destroyed the need to remember
air itself is one vast
(robert wilson)
stupidity is too – stupid
	Flat as the curvature of the earth, I skip, glowing, acres above boiling molten cotton, and waltz through the void corridor. I hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses, cascading overhead, bringing the nothing forward.
the grass

(massumi)
white dust

		No, he's halfway out
Beware of that which
its environment is no longer
===
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough?
the city's roaring tonight
And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture (watts 207)
you don't look where you want
He doesn't miss anything.
inhibits the potential for change
where don't you want to look
(dawkins)

that hangs outside your window
press out into
but because of all the haze,

===


And which school do you think you'd like to work at?
shuddered at the thought
at the end of daybreak, this inert town with its beyond of lepers, of consumption, of famines, of fears crouched in the ravines, fears perched in the trees, fears dug in the ground, fears adrift in the sky, of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish

want where you don't look to
(gates)
:::::::::::: TRANSCRIPTS ::::::::::::
—
Yes
plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
machines only become machines when they fail
	Because they're boring… (giggle)
the only thing
swallowed like eighty liters

The attitude of this sentence, dripping with macho snide, was what first struck me, followed by a sense of duty to honor those, like most of us, who contend daily with our place in the “featureless sea of noise.”

calming about the ocean
At the end of daybreak, I was younger than I am; I was, for all the world, lost in the vast library of air itself. For all, I was the world, being lost, becoming younger. Being lost is the world becoming dimly perceived, becoming larger than your knowledge of it.
true balance needs weight on both sides
No dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.

frictional encounter

remember well his ignorance
Why is thunder like
the anchor of a shipwreck
mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty 
(eliasson)
the ocean

when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it’s not a surprise that some of today’s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange.
(that’s the end of the new stuff so far)PHRASES STARTING WITH "THE," INCLUDING ANY MODIFIERS:
hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced. 
mumble mumble
she is sitting beside
￼ http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/SEhelp/SEglossary.html￼ watts 207￼ walden￼ http://harpers.org/archive/2007/02/the-ecstasy-of-influence/?single=1￼ lasseter 1 mountains, cities, trees, all of it -
Yeah. Can I ask you another question?
internet ouroboros
the ball of your eye
the floorboards
the world

the machinists on earth
repetition is a beautiful vehicle (attias)
hate wandering and mixing things


(zizek)
truth fairy
site/context-specific
sound causes the object to make themselves known
featureless sea of noise
waive just so much care
glass is structureless, structure only revealed through fracturing
Et qu'au firmament,
skip, glowing, hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and
emoticonned
the unactualized
the passions of the soul
running away or running to
(wendall harrington)
ambitious art is going about

willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at
wholly kiss you
You're trying new territory. Are you trying new territory? Are you trying new territory, Sammy? Hey, Sammy! Hello, Sam. Hey there, Sam, Hello there. Sam. Hello sam. Hello Sam-u-el. What's doin, Sam? What's doin on the Rialto?
young death, is slender
cosmonaupolis
hate dangling things
the Cambridge ladies
imagine a speculative

certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats, scientists greater than Newton, but in the teeth of those stupefying odds, it is you, and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
morse code streetlights
(wiener)

the boredom of its conveyance
cognition is beautiful
space of ____
leben sie noch heute
(9)
In my last year at NYU, I signed up for a class in animation, perhaps willfully ignoring what I knew would be endless hours of keyframing, tweaking, and trying to avoid carpal tunnel. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the class, though, was reading an essay by Pixar founder and emotive wizard John Lasseter, in which he wrote of the similarities between traditional hand-drawn animation in the Disney studios and the computer generated work he was just starting to explore. This line is from a quote within that essay, by Bill Tytla, one of the original Disney animators: “There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do.”
i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
make an artificial face
i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions, because to express the passions of the soul, one must have a soul
everyone is suspicious

mediation
perpetuate themselves
mumble mumble
the shit
the dawn
remember well his ignorance

(cage)
	–what?
the same
rain crackles through trees

characterize the internal
permet de donner l’apparence
the universe
you were younger than i was
has lately shown that memory
the internal struggles and codes of another
onomatopoetic happiness
in 1965, forty minutes was a long time
is simple, it

love is two at its purest

		Oh, that's – I'll start talking then. How've you been, baby? Sammy, how are you? Hello, Sammy!

the difference between light and darkness
the hardest thing in the world
the present is lost with the missing half-second, passing too quickly to be perceived, too quickly, actually, to have happened. 
(cunningham)
dim light through a sheet of wood
nothing obvious is sought and
the dramatic "um…"
There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do. (Bill Tytla at the Walt Disney Studio, June 28, 1937. (lasseter 1)
(mom)


drama under the floorboards

relationship that is better understood

hangs outside


see no other way



So, Sam, here you are at dinner, on one of your many travels. Are you enjoying your dessert, Sam? Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping? Looks like it.
Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful, for at any moment the telephone may ring
look like something transpired
intelligence is contagious
(story, mt auburn dedication)
want to look
affect is a lived
(12)

than spontaneity, is a key

I can stretch out my fingers and feel air itself; I am sensation without the boredom of its conveyance. Non-conscious stirrings rustle at the edges of my periphony, where the hurricane wanders — thunder like scratching. I have to feel to know. 

pleasure of our own self-deception
(cocteau)
popcorn and mold

pays any attention
crackles through trees

	Yeah.
the space it materially occupies
Okay. Um, can I interview–
the meteors ring
look where you don't want to


comes carefully out of Nowhere
affect is the capacity


since feeling is first
resink reality
depends on a human mouth
This is, um, Sam's grow tape, aaaand, you're now eight, Sam, so, I don't know, could you tell us something about being eight? How does it feel to be eight?
	Uh huh… (giggle)
more plugs than poetry
(michael connor)
nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won
		Does that register voices too?
(baudelaire)
(tolaas)
not just a metaphor
Oh ho! …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape–
include poets greater than Keats
roared the dog
must have a soul

(sara brown)
All the colors?
Not different at all?
(vitiello)
fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation
I compulsively look up words I don’t know. “Penumbra” was one of them – I forget now where it was written – and this first line is swiped from a NASA glossary of solar-eclipse-related terms: “From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette.” Its rhythmic four-part structure resonated, and the rest of the page fell away. There’s always a certain poetry in descriptions of celestial mechanics, and this one line holds so much of the baffling scale and humility of our fixed perspective concomitant with an outward gaze.
	All the colors.
(sehgal)
There’s a point in every project I’ve ever done – about two-thirds of the way in – when suddenly I feel totally lost, I hate the whole project, I doubt my abilities as an artist and functional human, and I want to burn the whole thing and apply to law school. My father calls it the “40 Minute Problem.” In filmmaking, there’s a 
going about trying to make
the telephone
enable cookies
How is it different from being seven?
un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel

the missing half-second
the garden
the warp and woof of every moment
physically reacts

the mathematics of an octave
forgetting to make the familiar strange, or forgetting to familiar the strange: essential. Risk and fear, everything is manipulation. Running away or running to, laughing at you and forgetting. Running and laughing and forgetting, they're essential to action of any kind.cryptomnesia
hear music as coincidental
may ring
Sam, are you having fun?
drowning every time
likes flowers
wasting time without killing it

just committing
Moon which is seen
How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?

===
i think is no parenthesis

	He's absorbed by something


(death cab)
the process of remaindering potentials
the kind of old
fall into the cloud
	Take your hands away from his face, Marion.
