From within the
I compulsively look up words I don’t know. “Penumbra” was one of them – I forget now where it was written – and this first line is swiped from a NASA glossary of solar-eclipse-related terms: “From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette.” Its rhythmic four-part structure resonated, and the rest of the page fell away. There’s always a certain poetry in descriptions of celestial mechanics, and this one line holds so much of the baffling scale and humility of our fixed perspective concomitant with an outward gaze.

featureless sea of noise
Six Degrees, by Duncan Watts, is a pop science book written to make network theory somewhat more accessible to a lay reader. Much of the text is driven by a nauseatingly optimistic disregard for the dystopic potential of these new methods for mapping crowds and finding individuals. 
“For every Harry Potter and Blair Witch Project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture”
The attitude of this sentence, dripping with macho snide, was what first struck me, followed by a sense of duty to honor those, like most of us, who contend daily with our place in the “featureless sea of noise.”

remember well his ignorance
“How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?” I read Walden for the first time while on a two-month road trip tracing the clockwise outline of America. I was sitting by our first campfire, beer in one hand, an ancient copy of Walden in the other, grateful and amazed. Grateful to have a car, a loving travel companion, supportive family, and the time to go on such an adventure; amazed at how easy it was to quit my high-paying but stressful and unreliable design jobs and fit my life into a little black hatchback.

the memory of an act never experienced
is stitched, quilted
There’s a point in every project I’ve ever done – about two-thirds of the way in – when suddenly I feel totally lost, I hate the whole project, I doubt my abilities as an artist and functional human, and I want to burn the whole thing and apply to law school. My father calls it the “40 Minute Problem.” In filmmaking, there’s a 
point – when the film is around 40 minutes in length – when it’s no longer a compelling short, but not yet a round, familiar hour. The whole story seems awkward and unwieldy, like me at age 16 – gangly and unsteady. I was figuratively 40 minutes into graduate school and feeling listless, my work no longer spontaneous but not yet coherent, when I read Jonathan Lethem’s The Ecstasy of Influence (a Plagiarism). Much as he describes his encounter with the work of William Burroughs (which itself was snatched from someone else’s experience), I was floored by the effortlessness and continuity of Lethem’s patchwork writing. Suddenly I could see written text as a material, one to be cut up, manipulated, and formed like any other physical material. These two lines – “Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced” and “Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched” are both lifted from that essay.

is simple, it
In my last year at NYU, I signed up for a class in animation, perhaps willfully ignoring what I knew would be endless hours of keyframing, tweaking, and trying to avoid carpal tunnel. Perhaps the most memorable moment of the class, though, was reading an essay by Pixar founder and emotive wizard John Lasseter, in which he wrote of the similarities between traditional hand-drawn animation in the Disney studios and the computer generated work he was just starting to explore. This line is from a quote within that essay, by Bill Tytla, one of the original Disney animators: “There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do.”
























(that’s the end of the new stuff so far)PHRASES STARTING WITH "THE," INCLUDING ANY MODIFIERS:

stuff from other people in my notebooks, quotes, and readings:
the familiar strange.
the memory of an act never experienced
the warp and woof of every moment
the rights any thing should have
the internal struggles and codes of another
the interactions of neighbors
the surface of our comfortable existence
the hardest thing in the world
the nothing forward
the shit
the world
the city's roaring
the decision to do it
the capacity to affect or be affected
the edges of peripheral vision
the gaze
the process of remaindering potentials
the present
the missing half-second
the royal road
the unactualized
the broadest sense
the dramatic "um…"
the question
the same
the pool
the antumbra
the sun
the moon
the range of outside factors
the space it materially occupies
the environment
the viewer's empathy
the object
the mathematics of an octave
the worst thing
the grass
the dog
the thought
the boredom of its conveyance
the firmament
the hurricane
the thunder
the room
the telephone
the difference between light and darkness
the ball of your eye
the feel of the eye
the machinists on earth
the passions
the passions of the soul
the teeth of those stupefying odds
the end of daybreak
the ravines
the trees
the ground
the sky
the dew
the tips of the flowers and the leaves
the garden
the one in love with universal life
the madness
the potential for change
the curvature of the earth
the world becoming larger
the Cambridge ladies
the syntax of things
the occasion, which
the need to remember
the fabric of possibility

stuff that i've written in my notebooks:
the key feature
the mark of consciousness
the choice of what to mimic
the dawn
the immediate past
the floorboards
the hypocritical hippopotamus
the Lethe
the hum of central ventilation
the cloud
the anchor of a shipwreck
the void corridor
the meteors ring
the world
the only thing
the wind
the once happen
the procedure
the fire
the 99%
the hemispheres
the ocean
the kind of old
the extra layer of dust
the universe


PHRASES CENTERED AROUND "IS":

ambitious art is going about
there is no thread
thread that is not a twist
consciousness itself is stitched, quilted
life itself is an existence
there is no particular
anything that is simple, it
simple, it is about the
nothing obvious is sought and
nothing is won
everyone is suspicious
than spontaneity, is a key
when something is about
noise that is modern popular
listening is about
affect is the capacity
affect is a lived
affect is what's left
of affect is the process
present is lost
art is the royal
something doing, is an experience
Moon which is seen
its environment is no longer
relationship that is better understood
A system is not imagined
imagined, it is real
repetition is a beautiful
that which is breathtakingly beautiful
manipulation – everything is manipulation
cognition is beautiful
It is an experience
Why is thunder like
the eye is nothing like
eye contact, is it
odds, it is you

love with is the wind
this is the procedure
what is calming

love is two
air itself is one vast
intelligence is contagious
stupidity is too – stupid
for change is a mistake
glass is structureless
being lost is the world
Spring is like
since feeling is first
i think is no parenthesis
there is a lady
whose name is Afterwards
she is sitting beside
young death, is slender


NON-“IS” VERB PHRASES

presents itself as familiar
going about trying to make
inhaling the memory
make the warp and woof
we all quote
has lately shown that memory
worry about them
imagine a speculative
characterize the internal
tracing and reconstructing evidence
running away or running to
lying so close to the surface
reestablishing that fine nervousness
calling to know
bringing the nothing
look at things
want to look
be present and grapple
press out into
hear music as coincidental
hear sound as music
roaring tonight
talk about it
rustle at the edges
remaindering potentials
passing too quickly
doing, is
hiding real uncertainty
disempower the question
came to resemble himself
drowning every time
jump in the pool
appears larger than
physically reacts
regarded as an object
affecting it
reach beyond the space
merges with the environment
evolve without the viewer
becomes a witness
swallowed like eighty liters
sing like that
bestow upon yourself
make themselves known
knows what the mathematics
change your ideas
remember well his ignorance
use his knowledge
kill time without
waive just so much care
honestly bestow elsewhere
gathers on the grass
has broken ground
roared the dog
wasting time without killing it
shuddered at the thought
depends on a human mouth
erre, rugit le tonnerre
fühle, wie dien Atem
den Raum vermehrt
Beware of that which
may ring
fuck manipulation
develop an interest
scratching
feel them
stretch out my fingers
feel your closed
leben sie noch heute
defy m. Vaucanson
make an artificial face
expresses the passions
express the passions
must have a soul
include poets greater than Keats

justify it
hope you slept
slept really well
feel good about life and the universe


(mine)
mirror everything by nature
exist in, by, and through
animate the dawn
enable cookies
resink reality
mumble mumble
folded in a silly way
pairing of delightful opposites
when they fail
feel like a glitch
whirr to the hum
make stupid and pointless art
make stupid and pointless art
make stupid and pointless art
look where you don't want to
want where you don't look to
look don't you want to
want to look where you don't
where you don't want to look
to want where you don't look
where don't you look
where don't you want to look
don't you look where you want
you don't look where you want
never use again
reading freud
fall into the cloud
hangs outside
skip, glowing
waltz through
hear the meteors
ring like dimes
cascade far
fall in love with
crackles through trees
throw your tools in the fire
serves to disconnect
calming about the ocean


hate dangling things
hate dampish things
hate wandering and mixing things
dancing on the tips
formed into a whole
draw near
entre dans la foule
inhibits the potential for change
look like something transpired
see to know
revealed through fracturing
becoming larger
permet de donner l’apparence
keep digging
see no other way
just committing
care, above
rattles like a fragment
comes carefully out of Nowhere
pays any attention
wholly kiss you
sitting beside young death
likes flowers
perpetuate themselves
brings us together
calculated to awaken
awaken our sensibilities
cast a solemnity
recording we have destroyed
destroyed the need to remember
stab at the fabric
I can stretch out my fingers and feel air itself; I am sensation without the boredom of its conveyance. Non-conscious stirrings rustle at the edges of my periphony, where the hurricane wanders — thunder like scratching. I have to feel to know. 
	Things I have only dimly perceived draw near, a harmonic seduction moving under a membrane like muscles under skin. Love is a delicious pairing of delightful opposites; a rattling fragment of angry candy; great hands of wind that stretch out fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it? Like a drama unfolding under the floorboards or dim light through a sheet of wood, love should look like something transpired.
Repetition is a beautiful vehicle. M. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth are lost with the missing half-second, drowning every time they jump in the pool in search of lost time. Like a perhaps hand, an apprehension of something doing crackles through trees and sits, adrift, in the sky; an apprehension folded in a silly way and on whose pages are for ever written a list of words to never use again.
At the end of daybreak, I was younger than I am; I was, for all the world, lost in the vast library of air itself. For all, I was the world, being lost, becoming younger. Being lost is the world becoming dimly perceived, becoming larger than your knowledge of it.
I like performance being something I'm kind of scared of – at any moment the telephone may ring, like rain crackling through trees. In the teeth of those stupefying odds, forgetting can happen to anyone – it's simple, and like anything that is simple, it is the hardest thing in the world to do. Like the simple performance of being something, it is the crackling hardest, and stupefying. Forgetting is a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human, a twist in the warp and woof of every moment.
	Flat as the curvature of the earth, I skip, glowing, acres above boiling molten cotton, and waltz through the void corridor. I hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses, cascading overhead, bringing the nothing forward.

the city's roaring tonight
not to be me, not to be like me, but to 
kill time without injuring eternity 
chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is key, for it implies risk and fear
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way

forgetting is essential
forgetting to make the familiar strange, or forgetting to familiar the strange: essential. Risk and fear, everything is manipulation. Running away or running to, laughing at you and forgetting. Running and laughing and forgetting, they're essential to action of any kind.cryptomnesia

when damn near everything presents itself as familiar — it’s not a surprise that some of today’s most ambitious art is going about trying to make the familiar strange.
Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced. 
Old and new make the warp and woof of every moment. There is no thread that is not a twist of these two strands. By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote. Neurological study has lately shown that memory, imagination, and consciousness itself is stitched, quilted, pastiched.
(lethem 2)

that the rights any thing should have are the same ones we believe we should have; that living things more like us are more important than those less like us; and that life itself is an existence of greater worth than inanimacy. These are understandable biases for us humans. We are mortal and fragile in specific ways, and we worry about them. (bogost 73)

Can we even imagine a speculative ethics? Could an object characterize the internal struggles and codes of another, simply by tracing and reconstructing evidence for such a code by the interactions of its neighbors? (bogost 78)

There is no particular mystery in animation… it's really very simple, and like anything that is simple, it is about the hardest thing in the world to do. (Bill Tytla at the Walt Disney Studio, June 28, 1937. (lasseter 1)

nothing obvious is sought and therefore nothing is won
artists' studios do not look like galleries and when an artists' studio does, everyone is suspicious.
we find ourselves running away or running to it, shocked and guilty either way.
that vast ennui, that anxiety lying so close to the surface of our comfortable existence
Chance, then, rather than spontaneity, is a key term, for it implies risk and fear (thus reestablishing that fine nervousness so pleasant when something is about to occur)
(kaprow)

Grace:
finding honor and credit through being
a deep human calling to know what's beyond being human
utter dependence upon a thing unseen
bringing the nothing forward
willingness to look at things other folks don't want to look at
ability to be present and grapple with the shit until it looks like something to anyone else
(gates)

not to be me, not to be like me, but to press out into the world my most ardent questions
(meredith hall)

And for every Harry Potter and Blair Witch project that explodes out of nowhere to capture the public's attention, there are thousands of books, movies, authors, and actors who live their entire inconspicuous lives beneath the featureless sea of noise that is modern popular culture (watts 207)

this page intentionally left blank

when does one hear music as coincidental sound, and when does one hear sound as music?
the city's roaring tonight
listening is about the decision to do it, rather than talk about it
(westerkamp)

forgetting is essential to action of any kind (nietszche)

new world order of blankness
neutrality breeds suspicion
(michael connor)

in search of lost time (proust)

affect is the capacity to affect or be affected
affect is a lived abstraction
affect is what's left of potential after lived immediate experience
non-conscious stirrings
a change in focus, a rustle at the edges of peripheral vision that draws the gaze to it 
autonomy of affect is the process of remaindering potentials that are in excess of lived immediate experience
bodies think as they feel
the present is lost with the missing half-second, passing too quickly to be perceived, too quickly, actually, to have happened. 
art is the royal road to the unactualized
(massumi)

Taken in the broadest sense, any apprehension of something doing, is an experience of activity 
(william james)

the dramatic "um…"
mock uncertainty hiding real uncertainty 
disempower the question "what have you got to say"
unwilling suspension of disbelief
pleasure of our own self-deception
(kentridge)

he came to resemble himself, the worst thing that can happen to anyone.
writers and olympic swimmers are exactly the same, except olympic swimmers don't feel like they're drowning every time they jump in the pool.
(cunningham)

i like performance being something i'm kind of scared of
(vitiello)

From within the antumbra, the Sun appears larger than the Moon which is seen in complete silhouette. (nasa)

a "sculpture" that physically reacts to its environment is no longer to be regarded as an object. The range of outside factors affecting it, as well as its own radius of action, reach beyond the space it materially occupies. It thus merges with the environment in a relationship that is better understood as a "system" of interdependent processes. These processes evolve without the viewer's empathy. He becomes a witness. A system is not imagined, it is real. (Haacke) 

imagine if chewbacca swallowed like eighty liters of codeine or dimetapp… and sing like that. (Hecker)

harmonic seduction that you bestow upon yourself (Hecker)

sound causes the object to make themselves known
god knows what the mathematics of an octave are
in 1965, forty minutes was a long time
you're not going to change your ideas. that's the worst thing you can do. so there.
(Lucier)

repetition is a beautiful vehicle (attias)

How can he remember well his ignorance – which his growth requires – who has so often to use his knowledge?
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
We may waive just so much care of ourselves as we honestly bestow elsewhere.
No dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.
(thoreau)

"KILLING TIME!" roared the dog – so furiously that his alarm went off. "It's bad enough wasting time without killing it." And he shuddered at the thought.
(phantom tollbooth // norton juster)

poetic interpretation depends on a human mouth
(valery)

sensation without the boredom of its conveyance 
(valery but actually bacon)

Et qu'au firmament,
Où l'ouragan erre,
Rugit le tonnerre
Formidablement.
(verlaine)

Stiller Freund der vielen Fernen, fühle,
wie dien Atem noch den Raum vermehrt
(rilke)

Beware of that which is breathtakingly beautiful, for at any moment the telephone may ring
(cage)

fuck manipulation – everything is manipulation
(tolaas)

when did you develop an interest in artistic expression?
(sehgal)

cognition is beautiful. it's beautiful to know.
(john hull, notes on blindness)

It is an experience of being in a world where the difference between light and darkness has become completely irrelevant.
Why is thunder like scratching?
feelings so deep that you can’t feel them.
I can stretch out my fingers and feel your closed eyelids, the ball of your eye. But the feel of the eye is nothing like eye contact, is it?
(john hull, sound: an enrichment or state)

ich will nicht begehrt werden, ohne geliebt zu sein
(carina linge)

und wenn sie nicht gestorben sind, leben sie noch heute

i defy m. Vaucanson and all the machinists on earth to make an artificial face that expresses the passions, because to express the passions of the soul, one must have a soul
(critic of vaucanson)

certainly those unborn ghosts include poets greater than Keats, scientists greater than Newton, but in the teeth of those stupefying odds, it is you, and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.
(dawkins)

at the end of daybreak, this inert town with its beyond of lepers, of consumption, of famines, of fears crouched in the ravines, fears perched in the trees, fears dug in the ground, fears adrift in the sky, of piled up fears and their fumaroles of anguish
great hands of wind
(cesaire)

we mirror everything by nature. we exist in, by, and through mimicry. the key feature – the mark of consciousness – is the choice of WHAT to mimic

input / output
income / outcome
bacon in versace
veridical rabbit
robot with allergies
animate the dawn
field of worms
morse code streetlights
periphony
critical opalescence
entasis syndrome
cosmonaupolis
truth fairy
emoticonned
onomatopoetic happiness
deconciliation
image reverb
climate change > climate carnage
popcorn and mold
internet ouroboros
enable cookies
white eye
white rot
white noise
white dust
white flag
ambiguous metadata
resink reality
quote unquote
mumble mumble
not just a metaphor
life in the immediate past
hong kong mush love snack
drama under the floorboards
dim light through a sheet of wood
true balance needs weight on both sides
i know, but i'm folded in a silly way
hippocrites, the hypocritical hippopotamus
a delicious pairing of delightful opposites
machines only become machines when they fail
truth should feel like a glitch 	
movement under membranes, like muscles under skin
photos from a family canoe trip down the Lethe ([ ] [ ] [ ])
electric crickets whirr to the hum of central ventilation

i will not make stupid and pointless art
i will not make stupid and pointless art
i will not make stupid and pointless art

look where you don't want to
want where you don't look to
look don't you want to
want to look where you don't
where you don't want to look
to want where you don't look
where don't you look
where don't you want to look
don't you look where you want
you don't look where you want

list of words to never use again:
space of ____
mediation
experiment
experience
embodied
mode of ____
process
playing with ____
site/context-specific

and/you/if/but/whoa/when/what/it/for/from/yeah/who/is/with/by/no/as/you're/like/then/a/them/i/hey/really/the/also/too

there's a ghost under my table
reading freud

fall into the cloud
that hangs outside your window
like the anchor of a shipwreck

i was younger than i am
you were younger than i was

skip, glowing, hundreds of feet above boiling molten cotton and
waltz through the void corridor
hear the meteors ring like dimes in wine glasses
as they cascade far above

naked skeleton maple, for all the world

the only thing for sand to fall in love with is the wind

rain crackles through trees

anything can happen once (make the once)

twenty four hours later

this is the procedure

throw your tools in the fire

i don't want to be the 99%

more efficient for large movies

persistent phantom pain serves to disconnect the hemispheres

what is calming about the ocean?

watching the backlit wind turn sand into spray, scouring the beach into perfect tiny dunes. out of nowhere, i had this wash of feeling like everything was connected, everything made sense in terms of waves – the white noise of the wind, the repetitive asynchronous slap of the waves, the impact of my footsteps, the refracting shades of yellow light in the blowing sand, the peaks and valleys of the mini-dunes in the foreground with their bigger, older relatives reaching into the fog in the background – it all felt suddenly like one thing.




you know what's cool?
i'll tell you anyway, even though i can tell you're humoring me:

if you sit on this side of the balcony, here,
no - you have to actually come here -
if you sit here, and look down the coast

everything that's close stays just as it is.

but because of all the haze,
almost blinding so early in the morning,
mountains, cities, trees, all of it -
everything turns into sky in the distance.

you say "that's beautiful, you should write it down"
and i'm pretty sure you're already gone.



real old – not vintage. the kind of old that's all scrubbed and meticulous because it doesn't need the extra layer of dust to justify it
i hope you slept really well and you feel good about life and the universe
(naomi)

love is two at its purest
(zizek)

I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things. I hate wandering and mixing things together.
The dew dancing on the tips of the flowers and the leaves made the garden a mosaic of single sparks not yet formed into a whole.
things we have only dimly perceived draw near
(woolf)

more plugs than poetry
(mom)

l’amoureux de la vie universelle entre dans la foule comme dans un immense réservoir d’électricité. 
(baudelaire)

The air itself is one vast library, on whose pages are for ever written all that man has ever said or woman whispered. 
(babbage)

intelligence is contagious, and stupidity is too – stupid questions get stupid answers 
(katrin sohldju)

anything that inhibits the potential for change (in live theater) is a mistake
(wendall harrington)

defy slickness
it should look like something transpired
(sara brown)

i have to see to know
(robert wilson)

glass is structureless, structure only revealed through fracturing
plate glass panes are as flat as the curvature of the earth
(cosman)

being lost is the world becoming larger than your knowledge of it
(rebecca solnitz)

un film permet de donner l'apparence de la réalité à l'irréel
(cocteau)

frictional encounter
(eliasson)

i've got nowhere to go
except further below
so i keep digging
and it gets darker every day
but i see no other way
than just committing
(death cab)

. . . . the Cambridge ladies do not care, above
Cambridge if sometimes in its box of
sky lavender and cornerless, the
moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy
(7)

Spring is like a perhaps hand
(which comes carefully
out of Nowhere)
(12)

since feeling is first
who pays any attention
to the syntax of things
will never wholly kiss you
…
for life's not a paragraph

And death i think is no parenthesis
(28)

there is a lady, whose name is Afterwards
she is sitting beside young death, is slender;
likes flowers
(9)
(e.e. cummings)

We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves
(wiener)

The occasion, which brings us together, has much 
in it calculated to awaken our sensibilities, and cast a 
solemnity over our thoughts.
(story, mt auburn dedication)

in recording we have destroyed the need to remember (halpern 76)

stab at the fabric of possibility (terranova)

:::::::::::: TRANSCRIPTS ::::::::::::

This is, um, Sam's grow tape, aaaand, you're now eight, Sam, so, I don't know, could you tell us something about being eight? How does it feel to be eight?

I dunno

How is it different from being seven?

Uh, not different at all

Not different at all?

Doesn't feel like it, anyway

what about things that you can do? Things that, you know, you… like computer things you can do that you didn't use to be able to do?

Um. I dunno, like, I'm a little bit better at computer, but I was pretty good at computer when I was seven.
===
34	1997	sam grow tape (computers)	00:04:57:01	00:06:03:12

===
So, Sam, here you are at dinner, on one of your many travels. Are you enjoying your dessert, Sam? Your illicit dessert when you're supposed to be sleeping? Looks like it.
	He's full of sleep.
He's full of sleep – you mean he's had enough?
	No
		No, he's halfway out
So maybe he thinks this is all a dream – a wonderful dream.
		Hah, that's right. Ask *him!*
Sam, are you having fun?
	He's absorbed by something
===
03	1989	mom: "are you enjoying…"	00:20:38:27	00:22:21:29

===
Oh, is that how silly you want to be?
	Uh huh!
Okay. Um, can I interview–
	–what?
Can I interview you a little bit?
	What does innnerview mean?
That means I ask you questions and you answer them, like… um, "okay, Sarah, what are your favorite colors?"
	All the colors.
All the colors?
	But not black and brown.
Why?
	Because they're boring… (giggle)
Oh ho! …Is that something like what your brother said when he was on the tape–
	(giggle)
–and you watched that tape recently, and you thought you were so much like him, you couldn't believe it?
	(giggle)
Is that sort of what's going on?
	Uh huh… (giggle)
Yeah. Can I ask you another question?
	Yeah.
Um, at this point in your life, what do you think you might like to be when you grow up?
	An infant teacher.
An infant teacher? And which school do you think you'd like to work at–
	–(singing) haaaapppy dayyyyyys
And which school do you think you'd like to work at?
	Radcliffe Child Care Center.
Is that the school that you go to?
	Yeah.
Yeah.

41	1997	sarah grow tape (infant teacher)	00:14:33:04	00:21:21:16


You're trying new territory. Are you trying new territory? Are you trying new territory, Sammy? Hey, Sammy! Hello, Sam. Hey there, Sam, Hello there. Sam. Hello sam. Hello Sam-u-el. What's doin, Sam? What's doin on the Rialto?


03	00:18:59:21	00:19:25:15


He's so alert. Yes!
	Sam! Look, he wants to know where the voice is coming, I told you! He is very clever. Oh my.
He doesn't miss anything.

—

I'm just going to do a quick…
	Take your hands away from his face, Marion.
		Does that register voices too?
Yes
		Oh, that's – I'll start talking then. How've you been, baby? Sammy, how are you? Hello, Sammy!
Sam, how do you feel on the eve of your fifth month birthday? It's a big event!








￼ http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/SEhelp/SEglossary.html￼ watts 207￼ walden￼ http://harpers.org/archive/2007/02/the-ecstasy-of-influence/?single=1￼ lasseter 1 